fucking transtelecom
Working  But it is Friday
Packing  I do not  like it.
I tried to dye my hair and all i got was a blond chunk in the front middle part of my hair. 
locked up abroad makes bein half brown good risk  when travelin 3rd world . i blend . i feel sorry for my hostage magnet white pepo
damned hordies
yes ,  boo for soar throats and earaches!
My stomach is all EXPLODE from the wendys  why is everything that tastes good bad for you  ?  
Hey ,  Wahts happening in coffe club . .   ?   I didnt have coffee for two days now  
Did a historical Jesus ever exist  ?   i am finding it hard to prove ,  it is all hearsay accounts  . . .  it bugs me  . . . 
lost all my files since high school.
i hav a chance to win $10 ,  $100 ,  $1000.  i was given a free can of $ plant . . have to wait till the plant grow to know if i won anythin!!  ?  !
i never knew a dentention was so hard 2 get
If you do not  want to come then do not  come. 
@_supernatyoural_ more Demon Sam!! I need it to numb the pain x
@LeahMul awh ,  thats not good ,    get better soon!
stuck in stupid Jeuno with flag up.  Wish I was in Windy fishing
@mikeavila ack! I just read about your show  that is horrible ! ! !  No accounting for taste.
@Greenwichlad Oh let me clarify , know lots of nice people who live there ,  but thought it always was a breeding ground 4 BNP
Confuzzled
The toaster oven was my fault. Now i am going to look like an idiot in front of my father.
@eboogiee smh your whin with that comment
are u serious    ?     ?     ?     ?   you touched his arse   ?   Oh my god u bitch ! ! !  did u tell me that ! ! ! 
aaaaaaaaaaa McFly
Shout out to my moms for wakin me up so prematyourely! Preciate it
Stupid red hair is too difficult on the upkeep. Re-dyed it a more manageable brown-red. Boo
has a VERY arduous task to accomplish at work . . . stuff that should have already been done  as usual it hasn ' t. Not because of me either.
@wmdev Every ti ame I succeed with a code ,  I get We are Sorry. your Credit Card Has Been Declined at this ti ame.
I was off by one year. I really wanted some of Jamies cooking books in ENGLISH ! ! ! ! not German.
Myourphy is Law  ?    Sorry that your computer is not cooperating when you have lots of work
What did I do to you!  sheesh
studying for this bullshit econ test
Internet is painfully slow today
had a kickass day full of Seaworld ,  retarded 15 year old guys ,  and X-Men Origins. Win day  ?  
MOtherfuck QW
No gas + no money = Desperation ! ! !   and that is the word of the day!
Very bad things . . .  . . . I need to stop thinking!
@anz_rocks19  i have to break the twitterparty . . .  i am off home soon
points at the gear question I just posted I cant get the rest of my Dreadweave set
The Catch Me If You Can DVD that I rented from Blockbuster.com yesterday was cracked. Figyoured it out about 35 minutes into the movie.
it is so annoying when I want to go see The Sats ,  @OfficialJoBros and @ddlovato in concert . . but I knowi will Have to pay
i hella wanted a sausage mcmuffin but when i gt there breakfast was over
#twitterfails fucking hard right now . . . this is annoying
i am writing an exam on a SATyourDAY  that should be illegal  where is my weekend  ?  
@egheitasean Which denomination  ?   i am at the library and everything is blocked.
bout to go to work with a wicked sunbyourn on the chest.
Wow ,  i am really bored . . .  and pissed I left my library card when I had to take the Booky Wook back . . . 
@kristanmarie at least you dont have quad parking haha two cars drove by real fast and spashed mud all over me
Grabbing a snack and a drink at chili is ,  but the power just went out. Before I got my food!
@playspymaster I want an invite - sick of seeing all these links for people playing and being left out
#thingsmummysaid my mummy told me she never wnted to be my mummy ever again  so i live wid my dad i think   ?    ?   it all confusing
@tommcfly Why do you not respond me  ?  
Big Laptop is too big ,  so it is ti ame to switch to the Eee.  Bye big guy
People at work are stressing me out.
@FafsaHelp i do not  know what lender it was  ?   yea these people definitely sucked butt toes. NOT friendly or helpful.
Wish my headache/almost migraine would go away!
Gah ,  I sprained my LEFT ankle . . .  Just after I got over the torn ligament for my right foot. Looks like it is back to walking with a cane
My throat is on fire
sam and sean are teasing me saying they are gonna get wings without me
never does  anything good school and rabbit it my life cycle dunno how to tune a giutar so i am stuffed
@janae24 lol! y does your tweet sound like your voice yelling at me  lol!
Gah! I left my glasses at work and reading is giving me a headache.  I can not believe how much I need them these days.  Old age.
And you could have it all ,  my empire of dirt! i am in ae with dad i am freezing fully shivering Every1 else is warm  no fones allowed ffs!
@porcelain_baby @Christomopher your not talking about your obsession with me right   ?     ?     ?   
@JennyTaylor94  yer it is . . . poor little cock  but she well doesnt deserve the stick off everyone! cowell once again going against producer
Had a shower. it is 5:55 PM. Triple 5 is! Crap ,  it just tyourned 5:56
@ACMcWhale I always feel guilty about it
seriously why did mum make me eat yeah i have a weird eating habit of not eating all day but really
@natss91 kill me as soon as you get here  , ok  ?   my sister is having a sleepover tonight  and her obnoxious friends are driving me insane
rught brb on me ipod. if i randomly go off it is cos me internet breaks
at famous dave is with my mom. so hungry.
@maddsie Thanks ,  none close to me.
I am beginning to think sun blcok is a haox.
Just found out my parents are putting down my dog tomorrow morning. Upset
Apperently ea knows my copy of the si ams 3 is not legit and is upset
FUCK. slept in
my sisters fucking pc ,  just blued screened me
@PENLDN just got in ,  gonna go upto bed in a sec ,  not drunk! i am disgusted with myself  haha
too sick for rigging tomorrow.
UUUUUGH ! ! !  I HATE I MISSED @WAYNEDASTAR INTERVIEW ! ! !  I WASNT AT HOME ! ! !  DARN ! ! ! 
Sitting in traffic while my car gets rained on. Just washed it on Sunday. does not the weather know this is California  ?  
finally home for once after a dope ass week
Guess I need to get me an iPhone now for syoure ! ! !   It looks bad ass!!
@paulmoxham everything is your fault moxy . . . everything.   x
finally getting sleepy right when the sky brightens  . . .  figyoures! G ' ni amorning
is downloading new fonts . Again
So ,  what is so great bout your so called  ' wonderful love life '   ?    For god sake ,  W-A-T-E-V-A!
@stevebiddle I used to be - but that was a while ago now - your argument is pretty sound for a trolley pusher
Monday . . . Funday!  Wake up people . . . and keep me awake please   Today is going to be a long one . . I can already feel it. Eww
@taylorswift13 Hello ,  yourself. Enjoy London. Watch out for the Hackneys. they are  mental.
@iaindodsworth Told you that when you got rid of the last one. Did you listen
wakey wakey lemon shakeyyyy!  haha ,  goin '  2 schooliooo!  it is raining!! (ugh!) guess where I WISH I CAN BE RIGHT NOW . . . CaLiFoRNiA!    ?     ?     ?   
@olafsearson Lol - I could try!  Seriously tho ,  dont do all of it! That sucks!
@taylorswift13 jet lag must be soo annoyingg! i am in uk ti amee  welcome to ukkkkk  are u coming to scotland at all    ?  
knows it is all going to sort it iself out
oh my god ! goooood ass nappy nap  jusss woke up bout 2 clean up a lil then get ready
@rockchick0125 yup!  Now I can join in on the nin access fun!
@Buddy021193 i hear you . .  it pisses me off haha
@PirateTi ammy hopefully it do not  go that far  someti ames I feel like renouncing my roots
had a kickass day full of Seaworld ,  retarded 15 year old guys ,  and X-Men Origins. Win day  ?  
OIL IS CHANGED!  And I am filthy.    But it is an accomplished filthy.
@roberto121 that is some serious shit steve. why didn ' t you send me pictyoures or call me!! You know i love a good yard sale.
@brainofdane DUDE.  You are a hax0r ! ! ! 1!  You should put Final Cut Pro on there and tell me how stable it is
Just sittin here waitin for my coffee to be full grown on farm town before going to bed
my gawwddd ! 6 headshotss inna row  ?   i am on fyaaahhh!
i am way to sleepy . .  Ill watch my shows lata . . Good nite twit-fam! . .  God bless! . . XoXo
@NerdIndian Take that back. I am insulted.
@anieszkaa haha i did a ltiitle bit yesterday and ive been out all day  so i think i ama chick an allnighter  hahaha NOT COOL
@johncmayer you are one of my favorite musicians/artists ever!! Please keep up the great work John