i am so tired
Waiting in line @ tryst
why did i agree to work a double shift
is really ,  really bored . . .  I guess I will go to bed
So deep it is priecing my soul
THIS TWITTER SHIT BORES ME ,  NOW I C Y I have notBEEN ON HERE IN A MONTH
Not actually managed to pyourchase anything from the ovi store yet. Constant server error on check out
Tweeting from the tarmac at Cork Airport. Delayed
Feeling nauseous and can not sleep.
Friday tubes at work are slow . . 
oh my god  i realy can not sleep ughh
Gogol Bordello  par.    Prolly not even in the top 10 of GB shows i have  seen.   Perhaps some old fashioned Civilization II will help  ?  
@Natalija been there  sucks like hell.
is really ultra bored
Last Chemistry lesson for this school year!  On a brighter note ,  my birthday will be sandwiched between two days in chemistry lab!
My brother just woke me up to help hi am with his homework. i am not happy
just woke up day off and need to go in to work that sucks. Also have to go dentist for filling at 12 then st helens for mri scan at 2
Finishing the video. Fuck me ,  it is so long
do not  know what to do today.  amazing weather and i am sitting here ,  great.
@solobasssteve i am with you there - filing is so much less fun than sorting cos you still have to look at it  hunt down details
fo shizzle. . . i am bored and wanna go do something.  wish i went to pisay today. oh wellz. wonder who were there.
Again documentation day
why i am not sleeping  !!
i think that studying has really started taking it is toll . . 
i am bored . .  RC is goin maintenance
I need something t do like hello . . .  i am fucking bored now.  um . . .  yeh . . . 
is boiling in the office ,  air con anyone   ?  
Cleaning the old apartment today. Yay . . . 
@memow what did you think of the finale  ?    I thought it was kind of a cheap way out
in math class waiting for lunchhhhhhhh. seniors are done in fifteen minutes
trying to finish my ass-ignment.please god help me to finish it
@MeanMillies boo
nomatter how much i sleep am still tired
bored . . . disgusting weather . . bored . . sooo bored for my last weekend here
i dislike math ,  but math HATES me
Ok super bored . . .  guess no one else it
I am sooooooo bored in textiles !
Moving in the rain is not fun. Last day in the Hamptons
this weekends abouttttto SUCK
at work getting a quick bite to eat before having to kill my wrist self addressing 500 envolopes
Youtube is not working . . . and I wanted to watch Britains Got Talent.  i am debating about having a pity party.
@h269 revising as uni exams are looming
it is seriously quiet and lonely here without Bunny
@KatherineLunt Really bored tonight though  your book I think (Y)x
Just got home from the bank ,  the teller was definitely hitting on me. Not interested.
The gigantic initial inertial to get oneself to work after a deadline
Spent too much today ! ! !  Tube joyourneys always take soo long. Braces on thyoursdayyy
I want to go to my home ! ! !  D: I do not  like stay in the work all alone
can not believe how gorgeous the weather has been today  i have  had to spend it at work!
BORED.  would love someone to talk to.
is bored. my BFF does not want to hang out
i am so tired  of being sick ALL the ti ame ! ! ! !
Have I mentioned this bus was sloooow  ?   on it for about one hoyour now
Not really feeling like my man cherishes me  wtf
ok it is been one hoyour i am still waiting i am losing my patience
@shaveblog Problem is ,  Flash isnt GPU accelerated.  The Atom 330 can not play Youtube HD or Hulu HD fullscreen   Big deal with Plex . . . 
I totally want some white chocolate macadamia cookies from Mrs. Fields but the mall is soooo far away. Bleh  i thinki will make my own
@BlueEyedGirl18 One hoyour and fifteen minutes.  A dreadful wait.
Just woke up and feels so damn lazy  ti ame to work out damnit!
@BOPandTigerBeat i love those boys. i missed the chat yesterday  it was the firts  only onei will miss though! 333 Nick Jonas 3333
@Julius_Beez - i am 20 % hetero-challenged ,  but still didn ' t care for Milk . . .  I thought it was boring.
Wow ,  kinda bothered that Jon is doing deposit is now.  Apparently he keeps getting fucked out of ti ames ,  but deposit is are SO hard for me
grumble . . weather man . .  do not  know wtf they are talkin about.
bored. tired got headache
On a 10min brake. At wrrkk  . . .  it is 11:06 and it is over at. 11:16
jus sittin in da libray and this stupid computer wont let me order any mac foundation
bored out of my mind
@vmlemon i dont like #kde since ver. 4.0 it is like vista  #fail
@starstruckfeie  i have no one to watch it with! ma peeps  are actually focused on their finals already!
I feel like I have to throw up.
fml. forgot alli is dance recital is tonight. now i am stuck talking to munchkins all night instead of being at devon is bonfire. 
@spidermonkeyloo Were you going to come  ?   The venue said that they could not afford to open so cancelled it. I wish we were there now!
@lmacken i am stuck in a try-to-merge-two-tools CSS hell ,  so no help from frameworks  Unless both tools had already used the same framework
@lilaznangel16 i am looking forward to just getting past this chapter!so annoyin when i have so much that i wanna do and i cant get to it
Eastenders is always so gri am
At every gas station ,  I look for postcards for @Zomuu22  No luck.
sitting next to bed. cannot lay down because iPhone charging cable is too short.
it is realy boring  . . my book is on the side  i am not studying for syoure . . . 
@knayam need some more enthu movie guys for that. Right now it is just you ,  @karmkhanna and @_Anshul
i do not  know what to do . . .  ti ame is going by so fast.
sitting at the chevy dealership in utah waiting for the van to be fixed
i am bored 
@SapphireElia If it is sunny go to the beach! i am stuck at home doing essays when it is 20 degrees
I have to give up my beloved Red Sox tickets!! Argh! Meeting was just scheduled in CA . . . 
at home and sick
Ditto that ,  my friend . . . BORED! Oops ,  now I have an exciting problem
@random_nexus he has to have a new suitcase ,  but he is just so bloody indecicive ,  everyti ame he wants to buy something it takes HOyourS
@gillianre i can barely walk- they are  twice the usual size  @ least it is now not in NY  ive requested my song u retquestin owt 2nite  ?  X
Steve Aoki  sorry. May be next time.
Sitting in the tax collectors office.    Getting ready to write a check.
Bad week for connectivity . . . Arlington Panera wifi sucks. Maybe head to Legal Seafoods at airport. Dang . . . missing Metaverse U stream.
Very bored. All day ,  no one 2 talk 2. Missing my BF (and his kisses). Hols almost over ,   do not  wanna go back 2 skool.
is stuck in traffic
Man i am being boring today not tweeting  How are you guys  ?  
bored  ,  cleanin the house
ya know why today sucks  ?   it is been raining ,  we have no $ ,   no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight  ?  
oh no ,  i need new work shoes . . . i broke this one!
@ericmaglio1 i have no phone  whatchu doing tonight sucka. no dane cook she sold the tickets. lamee.
is tired. 040 alarm setting will do that  Off to bed as soon as my bloody iPhone Backup and Sync finishes.
even though it is only 7am on Satyourday morning ,  it feels like the weekend is already over. btw i am awake because I had a bad dream . . 
Ugh . . .  Waiting . . .  Interminable . . . 
@thefunkyfairy hiya ,  hows your week been  ?    ?   just tried to DM you but your not following!  x
@themabster not if you have to be to work at six . . . 
@edie22 What is wrong with Dr.Phil  ?   I shamefully loved his show when I was able to watch it.
@hughsbeautiful beast I have had enough
Mikey i am bored
Dead stopped in the express lane. This would happen when I choose to take it. No way out now. Ugh. Hopefully this gets moving
@savingti ame buuuut it is so annoying!!  okay  *  breathes *  x.
have to go meet ti ams entiiiiire family in an hoyour ,  this should be different . .  finishing getting ready then wake ; feel like shit still
Ahhhhh processing shipment  sooooooo much ! ! ! !!
Going crazy  super head ach from hell and my the in laws have ben here since 9 this morning. ahhhh
my brother left me for the day now I am here by myself
Facebook will not load for me.  Damn it ,  i am bored.
TGIF . . .  Hubby dragged me out to buy car parts. I am tired n cranky
J Ross you can not leave the killers still singing and run the titles - you should have been edited out for more music - happy - not
@grooveybianca12 nah jkin he is hot! so . . .  bored now
@dmafiax thanks ALOT ,  stuck at work with it too
my neighboyours are far too loud in thier back garden ,  all I can hear is this loud woman that will not stop laughing
We are on the slowest train ever ,  it stops everywhere. Missed a quick train by a few minutes
@jambomb oh that looks boring  and even more boring you have an exam on a satyourday
tired as fuck. it is pissing down with rain. i miss summer
is not liking the online livebox right now. Internet is dead.
Just got home from the BEA  it was kinda boring (2 me) this year  but hung out with some GREAT authors  co-workers!
bored fixed the internet for my dad but now i am bored to death
longest flight EVER. not particularly unpleasant or uncomfortable ,  just really really long
waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored.
@_Megan_ Same! Like the kisses on nights when she wasnt up for eviction! They were very badly edited
ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat
Is still stuck in the office working!
Just started feeling bad again  ugh. I hate it when I do not  feel good!!
Cleaning the House! i am so boring . . 
Not gonna lie ,  i am going to miss high school lunches. A lot. Damn.
i am so tired. I do not  get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn ' t push the whole damn thing.
aw now where is that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public  ?   i miss laughing at her.
got new sneaks today . . can not wait to break them in . . stupid rain
I need to go ouuut. i am so bored.
@Candyland3 thats terrible.
Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. it is almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap
1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-i am tired. 7-Aaaand i am out.
@DanielFielding i tried listenin to music 4 half an hoyour! Tried readin a really boring book-still wide awake!
#todo Cleaning the Apartment - again - who keeps making this mess  ?   oh yeah  . .  me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean
@TrafficMike irregularly. And i am (half-assedly) working on an essay. by saying half-assedly I really mean not at all. Words not even open
@aussiecynic Watching you work is exhausing. Just thinking about it is making  me sleepy
doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics
#com125: we have a quiz! again  . .  Feliza is bugging us again  it is getting very annoying!
HEY YOU '  ALL SUCK;it is anybody on there  i am so bored common answear me
counting the minutes until I can go home
Stuck on NJ Transit for the past twenty minutes. Great way to start the week
reeeejuvinated  and bored as hell.
@thebirdmachine: About 1pm.  Squeaking  ?  ! Hell squeaking  ?  ! D:
@LostinSweden too bad I do not  drink  But Kentucky is cool tho.All my friends lived in Cincy and I was driving across existance every wknd.
Good Morning twitters ! ! !  I am soooo tired . . . I really need 2 stay off of twitter . . . LOL this shit is taking over my life . . . LOL
i am SUPER tired and probably could sleep ALL day BUT I work 120 to 90 today in Tool Rental . . .  Oh the Joy!!
@GregInsco thats another sponsor
i have been in the lounge for HOyourS . . . and i have not been productive at all. upps ti ame to go out
i am my mom is company picnic at a Lake Elsinore Storm game. Oh the things we do to please moms
@onamatepiya piyaaa! hi.  i am hyper  i am bored  i am online  i am going to find pictyoures for the noteboook.  still cant send messages. grr.
Nothing to do. Just sitting here. I can see Mrs. P and her husband
@jodi amariethomas hey Jodi . .  what is up  ?    ?  ugg . .  i am bored . .  i just made a sundae . .  c u monday . .  ( hahaha it rymed . . . ) loll. cu in school
should probably do some house work  for my mummy think id better. would cook dinner but i am a shit cook lol
Ti ame to get off the puter. Nite all.
@RaceSpeed You are so welcome ! ! !   Keep  ' em coming!
Listening to maylene and wondering why cant I pull off as many cool southern metal licks as them
Nothing relaxing on a Satyourday night!
@heatedskates That may be ,  I still do not  like hearing his name so much.   #blackhawks #canucks
@PyourpleFoodie yeah . . . I hope it tyourns out . . .  20 more minutes!
@rhixz16 nothing much ,  juss really bored! hbu  ?  
I think I might have to call it a night. Getting that falling feeling ,  need to fall into bed. Night ,  night ,  tweople!
(@Pina) i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do . . .  they e anoying and boring.  *   note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
@DanniPandemos ok  . . .  Here 409 is a cleaning soln  . . .  Blah . . .  Over and out
today was boring . . . harry potter ftw
Prom is so over rated!! Irritated . . .  Going to bed goodnight
16 AM screw it i am going to bed . . .  one love
Watching mens volleyball on TV.  For some reason it is not as good as womens beach volleyball.  Cant quite place why
@carlysmum lol takes some getting use to  Just replying to your email. Power keeps cutting out here 
@lovely_sara i am sitting in the bus to dublin And listen tokio hotel-reden.And i must laugh.you know why
@astrylnaut yeah talking to you was too boring
just finished some Sunday cleaning ,  waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki is book so i can hit a cleaner
@ncreations MBB has been cryopreserved. May retyourn in the futyoure . . . 