mmm much better day . . .  so far! it is still quite early. last day of #uds
So great to see Oin  Cynthia.  So happy.  Dinner was great ,  cute little place.  Too bad Oin got sick afterwards.
@havingmysay  dude ,  that is my favorite sandwich place ever. ummm did you take PICTyourES  ?  
Need to pack for CALI CALI! Cannot waittt! Thinking a glass of wine is in order to celebrate my weekend vaca. Still work 2morrow ,  tho.
took a math test today. The day before the test ,  the teacher says bring your calculator. Luke was confident. Teacher decided no calcs.
oh my god  ,  the concert was awesome ,  madrigals gave me chills on almost every piece . . . brooks also called up alumni ,  but i didnt get to go
I Can`t do 30 minutes of Treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already ,  gonna do 20 minutes more
Chillin with the roomies. can not wait for the zombie CLWN CR. it is gonna be 6-8 weeks
@vinylvickxen i kno i doooo ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! ! yall partyin with out me
I spilled my beer all over my leg. Wasted half my beer.  Home now. I met a cute girl. Good conversation.
english class! working on interactive orals
FB is boring   and i wanna sing RIGHT NOW . . !  *  - * 
@celldweller Must . . .  have . . .  new music . . .  I will not sleep until you give us Chapter 1 . . .  I might die first though . . .   Hyourry!
@PandaMayhem noooooooooooo i just look at a lot of pictyoures   lol lol
@ddlovato demi ,  just say hi to me and it`s enough. just replay to me please  love you so much ! ! ! 
@mrssunshine96 big now ! ! !  Vanessa is going to be 3 in September ,  it is going by so fast!  it is hard cuz i am workin so much ,  I miss out on alot
good lord ,  just seen the agency work for oyour upcoming Open Day. Money for Jam
My little foster kittens are getting big . . . chubba and Winston are going 2 b missed when they get amazing homes.
Getting ready for school - second maths test today  also it is my last day of 3rd year!! Next week i will officially be in 4th year
Friday yay!! And a bonus ,  do not  have to drive to Wales tonight.  Athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride
Ok ,  other then my shoe ,  the club is cool. it is fun ,  and it is poppin except 4 the ppl tryna dance wit me
@o0hemmy lol hi emmy ,  latin would help me study for the aptitude tests to get into grad school ;\ thats why i wanna take it
@UniqueMakis Awesome! Wish I could fly out to see her
someone take me to LA  I NEED TO SEE THE LEMON TREE
@hiracdelest who is the one always working now  ?    oh yeah ,  still me.
that was an interesting show to say the least. recap tomorrow. first i must sleep. work in am.
@Sashairene hahaha oh man please come to pomona i would love to see you everyday instead of like once a year if that
@wedplanworkshop . Flights already booked ,  plus it is GGD2 1st birthday. can not miss that ! especially as we missed GGD1
Are u missing your frnds   ?   Hear to Manasellaam  From Kulir100 Degree movie. it is amazing  ! ! !   Nanbargale - Miss u guys  ! ! ! 
@cha_rade oh no the economy gotcha  ?    sorry but so happy that you got another one in LA!  Enjoy SoCal! Ahahaay! LOL
so carlie came over and she fell asleep on me
To all my friends: i am deeply sorry i am moving ,  i will miss u all so very very much!
@allyycase suuyoure
ah thats better snow patrol! now to be stuck indoors  still weekend coming up and fresh air excellent hope it is sunny!
up early again  loads to do- but the suns out ,  hyourrah!
@BevJack Babes it was sooo much fun!!  Thank you so much for making that happen!  Had fun with the ladies too!  Ti ame went to fast.
@ColeDavid had  a little family party tonight   hope it rocked
I miss the concert Tuesday already. I would really like a ti ame machine to go see it again . . .  It was so fun . . . 
hahaha yeah i see that. but he can not twitter me back
Watching Jay Leno is 2nd last Tonight show   I have notgone a day without Leno in like foyour yearss.
@assembled ive been there before  haha
i have the biggest headache right now ,  i washed my hair wif mum is shampoo and now it is gross  i like my shampoo way better
Heading home now ,  yay! Was going to buy a much needed bottle of wine to drink with dinner ,  but my wallet is MIA so no wine for me tonight
@captainboots  YOU are FAKING IT! Hahaha . . . I kid.
@poyourmecoffee I won my 5th grade spelling bee. Went down trailing flames on 1st word at county spelling bee  http/post.ly/geb
Can you believe it:Tomorrow Night will be Jay Leno is last episode of the Tonight Show  I encoyourage everyone to watch it and welcome Conan.
Bought a new combo printer at costco today (officejet j4550) cause it was cheaper than ink 4 old one. #windows7 does not like the fax part
why do i have to wake up so early goddam  ?  ! 7.30 on my last day off  bummer
@tifftiff88 what do not  be sad  ?    Be glad. your 21
Goodmorning yall! I woke up to early
@SharktailYPP The red font up the top is very nice. But where did they put all the old entries  ?  
@ahhrjay useless tweet! LOL jk yay ! ! !  You are coming tmr! How long u gnna be in phils for    ?  
I am soo happy! But frustrated at the same ti ame!    . Ohh noo ! ! !  Britney is recording her new video for Radar ! ! !   Sooo ECiiTeed ! ! ! 
BOOYA!! Sup Tweeps!  ?   Happy inFAMOUS day to you all ,  off to get it very soon. can not wait to play ,  need to find some more ti ame though
@TerrenceJ106 i am up wit cha!! Just got home from da reggae club ,  wishin I was sexin somebody ! ! ! 
Is dreading going to work  BUT . . . it is friiiiiday!! whoop ! ! ! 
I wanna go to DBSK oppa is Mirotic Concert in Thailand ! ! !  I REALLY WANNA GO SO MUCHHHHH . . .      *  byourst into tears * 
@rettema might be interested - thanks ,  I was: I came ,  I saw ,  I winced . .   too much like Flatland http/bit.ly/12f0y
@sueveeyall Haha ,  I wish I could
Warwick Castle http/snyourl.com/izzau Amazing!  Off to Devon for a week . . . no internet ,  no updates
good morning people !! in good old germany is it soooo cold
@sunnyphoenix there was like no1 there n tha DJ comp was hella wack . . .  no gud DJs  but got in free so it is all gud
wishes she would call hi am  . . .     *  hc * 
My life what a beautiful morning ,  i can think if no better way to ruin it than by being at work
wish my nicky were home too
hmm . . Osaka. Last show today.Very sad  . i can decode your msg  haha cant wait till u get 2 Sydney ;D i missed out on tickets tho 
huhuhu still working to get new clients in motion graphics
Why does #googledocs do folders ,  instead of labels like #gmail  ?   I kind of like labels
@Lara82 Yeah  He was such a good . . erm . . . entertainment )
@mileycyrus I would totally take you to prom . . . if i hadnt already gone  sorry lol
@RASHIDIAN Come hang out wif meeee
Hmmm thinking about taking back that I feel better this morning - I think I spoke to early
@pyroezra i know!  i wish she would. I just wanna cuddle and sleeep in ga! And go to the world of coke
@carocat Nooo  But hey you are back next week! Are you moving back for good  ?  
@ykesha2001 yeah ,  I also had to do a paper . .  I only have one more final left: algebra . .   I take it on my birthday!!   (june 3)
@_faeriequeen I just saw the Hamlet update too - excellent news . . .  Never so good as live though
I can not work twitter on my phone!  we are just in bed thinking of funny stuff from last night! (L) GOOD Ti amES!
@NMaize Lucky Rob . . .  always gettin '  the T8 is from Emalon
Going back to Manila this evening. All my trips to Cebu are so bitin.
@drewpeacock85 cool dude! yeah i was hoping your rate was still $2.75. lol! yeah not syoure when ill mar and par for my birthday dinner.
Morning twitties! Heading to college ,  just back from the docs ,  god i am hungry  streching my ears again today! 10mm  payday I love you!
I have been playing skate for two hoyours. Now i need to get out and actually skate. But it is too late
@mitch_400iso Me too ,  she was adorable and you could tell the pressyoure got to her.
@DaRealSunisaKi am There is ding tai Fung here in Sydney aswell . . .   making me want dumplings . . . 
This is one of my all-ti ame favorite episodes/quotes from The OfficeUS only   )  http/bit.ly/ARMJ
I chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said I suppoort single moms! Funny
Sleep . . . take two . . . this better work!
@ACALLPRO -- yeahhh u wasnt thereeeeeeeeeee
@DeadMemoriesX Poor you   If I was with you right now; I would probably give you a hug ;D
Wow what a sunny day ,   just recovering some erased files
is wondering where all her friends went . . . 
@mangointhesky idk. The original is so great.
Finishing Homework.  BOOO
Football session after this.fun
job centre bound. oh yay.
@hilsatlvsonline Thanks for the tip! Unfortunately a major crash in my https site ,  just as ExtPlorer
@moneymakn1 Thats actually not that fun as you would think . . .  I was hyourting for a week after a si amilar experience.
@shaundiviney 04182012154 send me one PLEASE!! I TXTD IN BUT I GOT A NEW PHONE
@MarkStanto why thank! #webdu I was only at the conf on Thyours
Aww I heard I just missed you two @logieo  @egg104 !
writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
laughed so much today over that pictyoure of layouren ,  that my chest hyourts.
Lobbying in twitter! Here too!!  Yuk! Gettin rid of groupies 
@lisaxjbx3 Goodnight is not on the trending topics.  lol
Nevermind! Beyonce does not have a Twitter  Haha
@caldjr yeh me 2
Just got Skyfire (http/get.skyfire.com/).  Firts i ampressions ,  it looks good but it is a little too memory hungry for my ageing HTC TyTN
I hereby proclai am it to officially be summer as it is AWESOME today! But i am stuck inside a chilly office
had the lovliest night last night but was ruined by doctors inability to warn me of side effects. back again for more tests.
Bumping Air Supply is Greastest Hit is
Will be flying to Ontario in 4 hoyours!Will probably stay awake.I will be there for a 8 days . . . Camping 4 the first ti ame YAY!I am sleepy now
is going back home  love ya Zagrebe 3
staring at the sunshine through my office window!
Mooorning! it is Friday ,  and that is terrific! Smile up!    :-|      :-D
sadly awake. wondering about contact info for all of the fun folks I hung out with at the shop. YAY 23b ! ! !  Miss you guys
@realchrissystar we  will be back sunday to play @ the horse ,  I was out last night at mex you were not  miss you
@AlexaRPD Nice action shot: http/bit.ly/m8zfx  I miss working a pole.   __ dont you see clients everyday  ?    lol
Good Morning Every1 ! ! !  it is gorgeous out again n i am stuck in work  Wish i was at home chillin out . .  Hopefully tha day goes quick  doh !!
watched the Bones finale last night in the UK  it rocked!! oh how much I missed Zack ! ! !   @EricMillegan is so freakin '  awesome 3
Someone bring me milk for my cookies!
on later than normal this morning ,  got attacked by a swarm of mini fly is after opening the veranda last night took an hoyour to get rid!!
Looks like a beautiful day . . . and I am off work til Sunday ,  yay!! No bbq as yet though ,  gonna have to postpone my invitations
@pri amaveron I need them  It would ' ve made my pictyoure so much cooler. Mine are bottle green. Eeyea-thooo!
@andyroddick At work at the mo and it is so sunny here today   Off to see a band tonight!!
Such a nice day . . . and we are all working
good morning! off to the gym I go
AH! so nice to be back on bike commute although three days off and my (what google sez are called) my quadriceps literally screaming. gah
@iAmiAdam Hes away longer then me. i am only away for a few hoyours
@iPat143  hmm . .  idk that song.
Morning world ,  the sun seems to have gone away ,  maybe to Majorca or some other popular toyourist spot. Hope it comes back soon
The Renegades last day was today and . . . well . . .  he is gone . . .  didn ' t catch hi am  Gutted . . .  Closest he came to Greenock was Kilmacolm!
Well that was an interesting attempt at the commute to work . . .  didn ' t exactly plan to end up where I did though . . . great
@Jessums31 yup it is working. they could not recover anything on it though
@trixie360 zombie wrangler sounds like fun. I do not  have halo wars.
Good morning from RSA Twitterverse!! Please send me some happy vibes  cheerfulness today i am feeling a little sad
early morning~20 am~what is up  ?   I am!~~!!played w/ my babies outside~wow~was in the 80 is~felt great!~~got lonely ,  misses sissy and jess
@babyexpat commercial shoot in Tokyo. not much ti ame to play there   quick and dirty
I soo wanna eat McDonalds Fries
I am totally knackered and back in the meeting
I am hungry already. Not i ampressed! And everybody has gone to Rubys
yay dad agreed to pay for my tuition and equipment! yipee not till nxt jan tho
got back from the embassy; missing one paper  go again on Monday ! ! ! good luck me ! ! ! 
@mitchelmusso Heyyyyy us English fans want some signings too
Finally gonna try and fall asleep goodnight . .  More like morn . . .  I sleeP
@tonibrockliss fyi ,  connie and carla is not as totally awesome as the previews make it seem  sorry about that one.
Now that I have a salary ,  I can actually spend money. Hooray! Ti ame to go shopping and have dinner at Ahora to say goodbye to @yusufyusuf.
Finally ,  a beautiful ,  sunny day in Atlanta. Too bad i am stuck inside working . . . 
@mselliott09 hahaha thanks for clearing up the
@TheMandyMoore good morning sunshine. sleepytown is sleepy.
getting ready for the day ,  out then work till close
so happy it is friday . . . not so happy about this rain
@i_dulay i swear it took me 2 hoyours to get from bel air to alabang.  but yes ,  i LOVED reminiscing about oyour HK trip with you  @cdeocampo
Very lonely here in Gosforth gallery  but excited for meal at Six followed by Antony and the Johnsons tonight. Woohoo!!
On my way to the byourial
@pixls hahahahhahaha it was true! and i could really stretch out and stuff! shame rem is dog got mad when i tried to put hi am in avi is face
Yay  ! ! ! ! it is firday . . .  Have a good one everyone. On my way to work ,     Lot is of work pending.
@iamchrisc i am soo jealous right now!!
Just woke up! Annnnd have just realised I missed un uber sunny day . . . score
@Cholle2001 lucky . . . you get to do capoeira
Raining . . .   I missed the rain so much . . .   I am grateful for it 
had fun tonight ^^ make up ,  pillow fights and skins. wish i could have stayed over
Omega is tomorrow. have notreally planned anything for it. Make syoure to come if you can. It  will be awesome. Then move-in June 1st.
@zenithus at least you have a next year  into the big wide world for me!
@flippy10 deh ,  i wish the deal was up when i bought my macbook in december  but . .  at least i got 100 bucks off! 
Back home  Had a great ti ame!
Havin a much better day today!! Finished the last Twilight book yesterday. Classes start next week!      Get at me yall!!
Hopped up out the bed put my swwwaaaaggg oooonnnn! Then got back in the bed it is raining
i got a freakin macbook ! ! ! !! hoorayyy! but i freakin deleted phootbooth.
@EsmeACullen AWWWWWWW you totally rock . . . I felt all  and now i am the happiest girl eva!
I did that once
On the list of park closyoures - Calaveras Big Trees SP ,  where i am headed this weekend. So glad to be visiting before it is too late.
Sold bikes faster than expected ,  and we are running out of sizes.    Luckily the single speeds are on the ocean now! ETA -  EO June.
Just took daughter to school. Still tired and still no voice. I know some people are happy!! LOL. Ti ame to get ready for work
i have  got a bit of neckache after going hard (not going home) at Alternative night. I mean I have to ,  it is nearly all over
greeeeeeeeeeeat  this summer i have foyour classes . . . if you know me . . . u know why
@tiffaniallen: i am happy you got your hair did!! and i cant wait til i get back to see it! we are leaving today
@lilabiem hahaha well why would you smack ME for that  ?  !  hahaha THE BIG BANGGG
@GlasgowGooner Boo  well it is good fun tho . .  sucks if u cant get cards . .  I finished 10th in last nights #tpt I took @street out LOL
@HansenBanana Kayyy XD Yeah ,  everyone always talks about the part where the dog dies  I need to find a movie that you have notseen now XD
Broke my carafe  went to Starbucks for my caffiene fix and the lights go out . . . just for a sec but are you kidding me . . got to laugh. Ha!
@GothLitChic it is too nice to be inside
@aligomm wow! How cool is that! or was I guess ,  I have 18 now  haha get another follower!
Vacation over ! ! !   Looking forward to the next one . . .  . . . 
Off to work. My last day. Get to walk around and out-process. I am very happy to be one step closer to what I really want to do ,  but  2.
@emily859 Glad to hear the weather is nice.  it is rained just about every day for the last five days.  Not fun for exploring
@Xanthetwirls I only saw yours by chance. Who else would have that name! Thinki will b missing 2nite too.  Thank god for YouTube.
chillin at home for the day yippee . . . wish @youngives was here to keep me company
@kiitzyy I think so hahah geez lady 3 hoyours ago  ?    ?   Go to bed!! Lack of sleep is bad for your skin!
The weather is SO nice! And there were so many hot guys in town ,  I felt like a kid in a candy store. Except all the candies are straight
@putitonmyvisa haha nice! I heard it is a sweet hotel. On another note ,  not a good game last night
My storm is acting up   . . . Excited for the discussion session regarding Social Media. Scott Lake ,  CEO of ThinkSM ,  will be attending.
@peterfacinelli You didn ' t answer my riddle  Party pooper lol. Jokes Joyce  it was a good one tho haha. Hav a gr8 weekend!
Last ti ame we  will get tacos like this.
@littlelaughalot nice! it is days like today I wish we had a garden
@kirstiealley It would be nice but soon we  will have to Pay to Tweet
i really want to see cash cash again
aaah good bye mikee  smoked crabs!
@JamesScholes Yes. We have a copyright exemption we are apparently trying to ensyoure the rest of the world does not have.  #sccr18
Last night was fun w the lightening and thunder  Today will be in the 90s
@patrickmanning Yes PM PM you are right
@menchuly it is Friday and sweldo day too
@NikkiBons Happy Birthday Dork!! Lots of love for you today ! ! !   I wish I was there so I could buy you a drink   Make it a great night!
@DoperahStyles chillin promoting muzik . . . not eating  lmaao
Just had an iced coffee. Christ that tasted nasty
@filthydukes _yeah thanks for that you pair of git is  (hope it is mega- like the bus!)
Had a lovely day yesterday. The weather was great! Now stupid slapton
I am sick  but Ians coming over so it is all good 
@MollieOfficial congrats mollie! just wish i could have got some tickets
It just hit me that I am leaving conti . . .      boooooooo . . 
@lyourkey hahaha chivalry is not dead ,  just rare
@ConciseKilgore morning T! I love their breakfast! If I was not stuck at the shop right now getting maintenance done to the ride!
O dnt even like wearing  my skinny jean no more cuz of yall bitch ass ni99as . . . 
ooh lovely ,  a ridiculous amount of revision left to do
what up world i am just chillin ,  bout to go get this money!! But in this economy no money is easy money anymore
@arlastouch nothing yet  still looking . . . but lets for syoure do lunch next week!!
@ElizaPatricia  YOU SAW FLEETWOOD MAC! i am insanely jealous. I do not  have enough money to buy tickets.  I thinki will never see them. =(
So I get up early and I feel good about the day. I walk to work and i am feeling alright. But guess what . . .  I do not  work today.
@cc_chapman #whuffaoke is the same night as @ACDC at Gillette Stadium!
@bookaliciouspam Hey welcome to VA ,  LOL.  it is muggy up here by DC too.  Worst part of summer I would say
I do not  think i am very well. Just in ti ame for the weekend
I want dazzle , 
@DaveJMatthews concert tonight at fenwayyy! hopefully the rain stops
Such a beautiful day. I just wish I had the energy to enjoy it.
shopping with @cyourlysue69x tonight ,  cant wait!  Lucky bastard @jayrunway has already finished work  i am stuck here forever!
getting cds ready for toyour
So I cannot find my poetry book. It was not at my dad is and i am about to tear up my room looking for it. It I do not  ,  i am gonna be sad
@BD_illustrated Me Too! it is hard to argue w/ hi am  ' cause he makes some great points ,  i just can not wrap my heart around that one
Chatted with my old schoolmates. Awww  I miss my Highschool.
WALES HERE I AM! 1st 2 weeks away in wales. but idk if the guys at school really like me . . . 
@WerewolfSeth well ,  i must say she is very lucky to have you! i guess that means no chillin and concert with me huh
@goodlayoura   *  waves to make it all OK again * 
 . . exams.  haha just remembrd the china buffet king yesterday. vair amusing  . . . 
Managed to find a bottle of Pi amm is! If only we had the weather to go with it
@garageglamorous I agree ,   ' Paparazzi '  waz an amazing vid ,  I luved it ,  but felt bad cuz it waz leaked  I watched it
Whoop! I got a prom date today! Who knew  ?   Ha-ha! But I can not tell you who.
@conorp YES ! ! !  one final party  better make it a good one !! how much mpre stuff you got to go  ?  
tired and all i want to do is play random songs on my gitwar but i have to do my drama essay.
@darrynstorm hey hey . . i am only finishing on the 10th of june
I finished @Melzer  is Zombie Chronicles a few days ago. It was bittersweet. Now I need something new for the gym
@joycecherrier Awww. do not  mean to sound like an overgrown age 37 baby ,  but i am still stick. Not as bad as yesterday ,  but still bad.
in park slope brooklyn working the bust photoshoot. this is so exciting! no more fever! but my tonsils are the size of golfballs
@jami_hirsch: Thanks for the follow! Wish I were out of my 9-5!   plan to open a shoppe in TC when the economy tyourns.
TGIF!! it is a GORGEOUS day in Reno today. And i am stuck inside.
@emILLyschwindt thanks lady . . .  bummer for syoure.
is in class ,  trying to listen but I really like twitter ,  facebook ,  . myspace  oh yeaaah . i am hungry!
Wicked ,  my DVB-S tuner card has arrived. Although not syourei will be able to get it all set up ready for the FA Cup final tomorrow
Up and at em . . .  got a big To Do List for today ,  and hubby has to work   But then weekend is going to be just us . . .  I think!
@katiesol It re-entered my brain orbit thanks to me watching Ryan Reynolds mugging away in Just Friends recently
Just got in a nasty argument with someone I normally like very much.  She does not forgive well ,  either
@dreamobscene I know how you feel  Have a lovely relaxing weekend!
@LizzieCoulter oh dear. (i am sorry ,  but i laughed  )
@aidadoll he thinks he is a gangsterrr  his ass do not  even fit in G Unit.  I know :| )))))
This is my anthem right now . . .  do not  leave me high and dry.    ?   http/blip.fm/~79fcr
@_Enigma__ oh my god  daon ' t tell me you have watched twilight enuff to know that !!
Woot. just had my interview! went awsome! I didn ' t get to talk with Mr. Johnny thought . . .   oh well I still did really good!
Finally on my way home
crap. have to break my no work in weekend rule  so much overloaded with work. aargh ,  hate it!
I get to drive my dad to the airport so he can fly to Vegas for the WSOP . . .  I wanna go to Vegas . . . 
just about to say goodbye to @karenbrady and @agneslikaite two of the best interns that Elevate have ever had
@tiyephoenix I have to DJ 2 gigs on 6/20. no bk hh fest for me  so please keep me posted on live dates
looks like another sober weekend ahead . . . 
@DJClicheDarknes I have nothad a good homemade floyour tortilla in ages.
Ok ,  i am going outside . . . wish i was playing basketball  oh well . . . 
@Sak_Pase I guess u ain like me den . .  My hair cut short . .   lol
@Spitphyre well good luck with #twpp in an hoyours ti ame i think i will be on my way home  have fun!
[stapler haiku] Whar a Night! Woo Hoo! Yeah! / A beautiful night to party! / Oops ,  i am a stapler . . . 
i am under 100 followers again  gosh darn. good mood atm. might have a bbq later. heat waaaave 3
Straighening my hair and it is not going as straight as i want it to be what a  bummerrr for me
@josemarques I do not  feel like having to reboot  If only OSX supported Hibernate  Reboot in Bootcamp . . .  -.-
found six great vegan places to eat and relax at; foyour of which I can not get to without a car
In the university with hungry!!
@layouradawg LOL she is okay ,  it is just he songs are so catchy they get stuck in my head
Back in Manchester. Whats with the weather  ?   Sweaty
@Ki amberlySMoore it is good they are  realistic ,  but I still do not  like thinking about it ! ! ! 
Finally left the house! it is gloomy outside.
Loving the sun today ,  even thought I should be revising. Not a good day though ,  been at Kates all afty ,  shit day for her bless her  x
via @cornellfinch: Found #geocache Head is Up! http/coord.info/gc1ret6. Probably my only find of the day.  http/bit.ly/JS3S4
@patsytravers http/twitpic.com/66sbz - thats actually adorable! ooh how i miss dude
@ddlovato miss chatting with you
Nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come ! ! !  #it isucks
Ohhhh man  My mom got a bag of these caramel candy things ,  they are  soooo good. i am going to get so fat off of them ;__;
Hallooo bayern!hallooo stau!
@ShannonGrissom @grannypig #followfriday thank you!  i am still not even close to what I had as @GottaLaff
@socallove yeah  it will get better though  i know it!
i am packed up  leaving my Canterbyoury office  my fab QAV colleagues for the last ti ame   A great bunch of people. I will miss you
My Degree  [Tear] happy moment!  http/mypict.me/1ZpF
Have a happy Friday and weekend everyone  . .  TGIF for me is nothing
@mariamariamaria i am sorry you are not feeling too good ,  mama  i am heading up today @ 4 , i will be calling you  . . 
@AnnaSaccone Seeing my friends and doing coyoursework  I have the weekend off work so I am happy!
@alliemunchkin  ,  Youtube loves my HD videos  well maybe.
Licking chocolate crumbs off a Twirl wrapper like Zammo on smack
finally got out of a 12 km traffic jam. we  will probably not be able to make it in ti ame for a few laps tonight
@nicolahunt nice way 2 end the week . . . 
Thanks everyone. Unfortunately nothing can be done. The sales speak for themselves ,  and if that does not convince Diamond ,  nothing will.
@lanceseaboyourn I know  but this sub is sooooo good
Whistling while you work = LAME! lol
@KirstynSmith I spent 3 hoyours sitting out in the sun - picnic lunch + ice cream = win. We should have had a BBQ today
want food too
@indiepixie oh my god  a roach was in my room for the first ti ame ever in this apartment today. I hope I do not  have Patricia luck next
well i am gonna go shower now. gotta get rdy 4 movies in a couple hoyours!   byeee   ~~  Esther 3    p.s.s i miss u katherine
Oh great ,  Radio Disney does not crash with the latest webkit ,  so my kid can run it again. HEY WAIT.
Heading to Beaumont
@kelseyrose56 I WISH YOU WERE GOING TOO!  are you still coming to nicoles preprom  ?   @nicolesx319 can not wait for preprom ! ! ! !
@KrystalNichole Pretty good ! ! !  I think I overdid the gym yesterday . . .  other than that just working
also ,  Lipton is Sparkling Green Tea is gross
@MissShell20 eeeeep so jealous  i am at work  um ,  how can u receive Viva  ?   Do they broadcast it online  ?   :plz:
@OakMonster I hear ya.
@raczilla nice beta for easports still no news on the online for madden
Just recollecting my jog this a.m. - almost perfect except unkown type hanging out by my vehicle.  Too much mental noise- only 6 mile jog
@christa42 you mean the post concert blues   *  lol *   Well ,  I soooo know what you mean  . . . 
LIVE NOW  LIVE! )  DJ JAYEM B2B E.S.R  Click : http/www.krisisdnb.com/listen.asx
Just found out my baby cousin is gonna be a dad ! ! ! ! At least he is married already. Everybody is getting married and having kids before me
had a great ti ame at six flags yesterday . .  it is summer   my friend spent the night last night and just left so now i am bored . . 
Nobody ever @mandagh '  s   makes me sad
i really wanna play . . . 
Oh noesss seniors last day  However ,  tickling will till he was on the floor giggling made it totally worth it. Plus ,  a senior sandwhich!
@markfriend I asked mum bout going out tommorow ,  she laughed in my face lmao
i am in a pub garden ,   it is boiling ,   hannah no likey , 
http/twitpic.com/66uq4 - hotttt weather! getting blackk before it starts to rain again
New baby doing well.  I will be attempting to do some more painting this weekend.
@tenuousness: aoh is one of the best bands. they played my frosh ,  i was stoked. i have to work tonight ,  or else i would totally be there!
to all members of CF! check your facebook in computer i ammediately. a sweet video from Gulardi is waiting for you all. made me teary
@isuhin O dear. so you are going to be fucking that kiddoe and i am going to sit there doing . .   nothing! awesome  WHERES THE SHOPPING  ?  !3
@evanlyoko Yay! At leasti will get to see you next year! i am sad ,  too.
Just got done working with Nate today . . . got another 100 %! Yippee!! He is going on vacation next week ,  so I have to brave Calc on my own.
FRIDAY!! I gotta work tommorow tho
@luvinmycyourves womp womp woooomp!
Played  Friendly Gm today(Bulgaria). Def. is on pt. ,  offensively ,  still working on ti aming.  Israel on Sun. Gotta cut 2 more players.
@gdrage LOL that  will teach me to blindly trust amazon search results without reading!
Excited to see the girls today; @takinakab it is boring at work without you
@millionsbyname Jared is wearing a green shirt  ?    *  SPARKLY EYES *  YEE!! I hear #asylm is highly disorganized  hang in there!
@skybluetom4 Ha Ha thanks Tom! i am such a loser! Hopefully going on the 22nd June till 3rd July . . . what date u goin  ?   u missing helen  ?    x
@ArnaudJacobs haha yeah this is i amproving my nite big ti ame!!  i have to make a skype call soon tho ,  so will have to tear myself away . . 
Outside for just about 1 hoyour ,  the sun was bloody hot - no tan  Wait for monday then will spend around 2 hoyours outside 
going camping in a coupla hoyours. gotta pack everything . . .  by myself
@finalscoreB3G2  How nice
Trying to shop online wis I could find sevens for 40.  haha
i wish paramore would come to ireland
10 more days to go for Freedom ! ! !  ! ! !  Damn these xams!!
Listening 2 music @ home all alone lol  who wants 2 come over  hang with me LOL!!
@benandskin Ah GDit! Ranger game this afternoon
@DEWz_PingPong Awww i am teaching my son (when I have one) those manners!  Too many boys are lacking those!
@BlacksilkBlog Hugs to you for not being able to shag Crush anymore  x
Out if class!! Yow party + foyour hoyour lectyoure do not  mix attal!! I had to drink 3 red bulls  i am still sleepy .  ,   ,    ,   ,  smh! Alrite bedti ame
i am so fed up ! ! !  . . . 
@juliannerowat HAHAHHA lol true that! i always remember my BD but i can never remember what date or even day it is
@mizzyalana Very nice!  Bea and I are so bummed we can not make it   We should try and get together in the near futyoure.
@skinnymarie and guess what ! ive got 20  % ! wow it is i ampossible
@DVNT Cheers. Wish I had more fonts to play with
Day is going well so far. Meeting until 4 though.
@marcftsk haha thanks for clarifying that.i thought u meant mr bello. I wish i could be there! That where my cousins live
can not wait to november for Jobros concert ! In examination
@flattycharn i know the i amUx1000 is not referring to me . . .  (WHO IS IT AH  ?  ) but . . .  i miss you
Enjoyed this week off work ,  back next week
#FF @AriesChild she is my Vegas buddy  A Laker lover uuugh but I love her even though i am all the way n Chicago
@veeriwhoa OH SILENCE VERONA!  I AM WANTING TO GO   jaja ,  enjoyyitverymuch and bring me phothos of Danny and dougie   ?  
Totally been too long since I updated.  Saw Star Trek ,  excellent!  Killed Yogg-Saron 10 man.  Memorial Day killed 25 man raids
Planning to install Windows 7 tomorrow ,  so probably no new posts for another few days at least
@ashleytisdale Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen . . .   But i will show it in the TV at 8 o '  clock
Dang it! It seems that every ti ame I blip a song ,  it is unavailable.
@PhreshlyPhaded Oh wow  Thanks for the info.
Thinks it is gonna rain
Oh ,  I HELLA forgot to say my official good morning  Like to hear it  ?   Here it go! Goooooooooooood Morrrrrrrrning Twitterville! Lol
@nick_carter  awww poor you  - but you know  . . .  you are doing it for US - bless you ))
@erinhosborn Thanks Legolas.  @betterlesson Fellowship. re: Google wave: like. @bing demoed 2. http/tinyyourl.com/ma6j6l means Disease
@starangel82 @darkheath @140lover Everyone is going to think i am a gold digger  Hahahaha
At the doctors office woooo so much fun. Have to go back to wotk after this cant afford to be off.
out enjoying the weather before i have to go to work . .  last shift with @jamieallover
Had quite a cool day with Charlie and then Ben aswell  got lost and stung by nettles
@HannahSukter anywayss to the point i am dying to spend my summer over there or somewhere hot with you guys
@rayrayyyyy now or never makes me cry everyti ame  lol.
http/twitpic.com/66ymw i am gonna miss these guys so much  Thanks for making the 5 years at senior school amazing!
@Rush23 how about we start with a true Franchise online mode. Dynasty was huge ,  Madden online league not so much
Just got back from the concert! Some mistakes . . .  I kinda failed my Macedonian test  But my relatives from Serbia are here! WooHoo ! ! ! 
Whew ,  the first night and day of summer were . . . .very sad  But ,  I have Jess is grad party to go to tonight ! ! ! 
Just watched the Final Break final prison break episode. It was great. Farewell Prison Break. You will be dearly missed.
Byournt Agenn  Nice Day Tho x
@caltort i have tried the Teriyaki - no cookie tho!  we got (non winning) Pop-tarts with it.  All was great!
@Sopphue i foot think it will let you since it.s international  but we have twitter haha
@shelleymcarthyour I was only @ Cambie just slightly before the event then had to leave  Waiting for feedback though;i will keep u posted!
going out tonight ,  FINALLY. i wanty lie in the park but . . .  cinema bound it looks
@MorganMartinez My dream was about hanging out with all my friends. It was good until I woke up and they weren not there.
went and got a pedicyoure and a manicyoure 2daii ! ! ! ! and den sunbathed all daii ! ! ! ! BEST DAY EVA ! ! ! !! oh yeh ,  . . . did a teeny bit of study
Just got back from the doctor . . .  I do not  need syourgery yayyy ! ! !  ! ! !  But my knees are still fucked  not gonna get better
just done planting the garden . . . hope sun will shine soon!
almost done with my first day at the spa . . . I missed this place! Then headed to Fort Collins to close down casa de kent
@AmongstStars awee!
cyourrently playing . . .  part of the list
@eep2001 Might have to cancel oyour Disney trip this year.  Not too thrilled about it.
Good am all . . : hanging out with ma dad 2day ,  looking for a job still . . 
@dePinkLady I KNOW ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! ! JOIN THE FREEKIN CLUB ! ! ! !
@darklord1  Ohh what fun! A night at Sli ames ,  I miss that place!
Have ordered the cuuutest invitations for my new nieces Christening ,  and they just arrived back in SA.  Sorry that I wont make it myself
@danni_30439 I really wish I could go!
@nick_carter Gotta make the video public ,  dear. LOL  . . . can not see it.
Wearing exactly the same clothes as I used to wear in Canada ,  beanie (or touque) and all.  Ahh brings back memories . . .  I miss the snow
@oliviamunn SAN DIEGO! MOVE DOWN HERE! although whether right now is pretty cold. i am waiting for the suck so i can go syourf  I LOVE YOU
@nethra - one more funny msg on fb. this ti ame with an actual link  today i have received 5 such messages
@susannaheanes bwaha! it is so far away ,  though.  But it looks fluffy! And Jared is hair is SHINNNY.
@LeeHongRui hahaha . .  it is ok ,  how can I hire your mom  ?    ?  ! So paiseh . .  haha ,  I shall do all the washing then
@marisette Weird! Maybe all the updates just are not being sent to my phone  Haha
@yikes77 It would be great if those VIPS were for some acts I would enjoy seeing ,  but noooo.
@netmogul that sounds soooo good right now mmmm malasadas. i have to have more before i leave today
Goodbye sex in the city  let me hyourry and give mi cuz that paper work @lailashah  ! ! !  Have 2 have summer in BK  ! ! ! 
@NormaBecerra the washer se chingo  ha  ha!! i am busting my grandma lucia waaaaay back in the early 90 is lol
@My3Daughters well it sounds delicious!i will be laying out on my patio tom ,  sans pool!  Enjoy your byourgers!!
http/twitpic.com/670ar - this is post guitar hero ass kicking
@NeilDavidson happened about three weeks ago. Why ,  is there a serial card fraudster on the loose  ?  
is enjoying the nice weather but has been stuck indoors writing an essay for most of it
@matty500 Congratulations! I wish I could be there to see it happen.
My car is home. Yay! $613.22 Boo!  i am paying my mom in installments. I gave her $200 today. I so need to win the lottery. 
@gni amsh forgot to answer your kindle question yesterday. honestly ,  have notused it much. have two paperback books i want 2 read first.
@me_chiel Well . . . I would love to have a Zoo!  Dont think I can be there sunday.  But someti ame I will !I want to!
@sheszladii  LOL! Girl that video distyourbed me  and I love the hk theme too cute!
@detrick Hey! So glad it is Friday but not happy that I just ate a bad apple
Finished new moon! Woo! Now i want the next one . . . 
Been sitting in garden with my mummy and also got a text from the boy who i thought had GOT THE HINT    obviously not.
http/bit.ly/NYhMZ  Dionusia made me do it
So much for buying that awesome new phone from sony ericsson  - I am now Berry would like everyone else . . . 
such.a.tease.
Dollhouse was saved ! ! !  it is coming back for another season ! ! !  Too bad scrubs is not
@fishieee Haha ,  it  will be gross by the ti ame it comes back.    Tell you what  . .  we  will Yum! Vancouver some malay spot soon ,  or just go indian
@lancearmstrong I want a massage ! ! ! 
@btocher  http/bit.ly/TVERS - ever been here  ?   the night we didnt meet  we ended up here - possibly the best pizza this side of Chicago!
3 live p2v migrates ,  5 vmware vsp exams ,  and a magento config ,  a quiet weekend at party central
@isacullen i want more
@tashababyyy i am getting them this weekend. aw ,  i really want you to!
1 week and 1 one day to go.
Got to go shopping with wife down to Tesco is. I knew my day was going to well.
@granti amahara man ,  4 months until we get to see what those drunk tweets were all about
What a glorious week. My best holiday ever I think. I so do not  want to go home in the morning
@fatz_galore aaaw too bad  . .  i am in a good mood to phone with someone  lol
@eastcoaster1237 @funkydung  Doh! i am an inside job LOLzor.
@layourenglennon I is sorry  listen to some Bats or GD as you do it! [dude ,  I never got to tell you ,  but ,  BATS WERE AMAZING 33]
@LOVEHATE_ENVY how come you dont think you did good  ?  !
@SpinachPuffs yeeeeah . . .  and it was in into too  seen Empire top 100 computer games  ?   http/www.empireonline.com/100greatestgames/
Jon  Kate + 8 kids have attracted a huge TV audience ,  tabloid headlines and ,  now ,  a state labor investigation   http/tinyyourl.com/l7zt72
@DavidArchie Haha same ! ! !  But it is gonna be awhile til it comes to sweden i think . . . 
@TheAllianceGuy thankies! btw ,  what part of scotland do you live in  ?   I never got to visit the UK at all when I lived in Eyourope
@SpinachPuffs yeeeeah . . .  and it was in intro too  seen Empire top 100 computer games  ?   http/www.empireonline.com . . . 
@margjoc haha i am aware of how one contracts a UTI.  and i have training for work at 8:45 tomorrow morning so i have to go to bed early
Car shopping with kacy yay
@jy6 looking forward to your mandarin album.  Hope that you will come Singapore again
@BrandiHoov we are coming . . . will not be there til around 9 . . . can not stay though
@karriedaway you look sooooo pretty love. dang I wish I was in NY so I could c u do your thang
it is too perfect outside to be at work
oh my god  !! hollyoaks well dramatic   ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@youulovemee she is good! so gor-juz yea i kno i asked her yesterday when we were at tha hospital if she talked to u and she said no
dad is posting got postponed ONE HOyour before he was meant to leave. either going to afganistan or NOWHERE. i am sorta happy  but he is gutted
i am so full. Subway was bomb! Waiting for my 2nd shift to start
just got home from a long day at asda. joy
Poor baby is got his first booboo  that he caused hi amself LOL  http/twitpic.com/673vt
@SallyTraffic ermm ,  me me me!!
@WerewolfSeth YES!!
@heloloser thanks clair ,  I have notwatched it yet.
I know I shouldn ' t be saying this but fuck it . . i am horny as hell
@GirlUSoCrazy lol girl I cannot stop ! ! !  I am a student ,  I can not afford $14 a pop eyeshadows. But I am so hooked
No 10th  2 months=]
it is been so nice all day ,  and now it looks like it is going to rain . . . just when i was getting excited about taking photos when i get home
@danosphere it is a beautiful MN day ,  but i am stuck inside playing Zelda.  i have  gotta play at least 10 hrs. today.
@agcruc Girl ,  if you were part of the toyour ,  I would seriously be the first in line for tickets.  Just sayin ' .
my special edition JFPL came today! all i have ti ame to do is rip the demo cd to itunes and upload to my ipod before i go to work
@joelogic Wish I could be there too!  Enjoy your weekend
Playing with the munchkin today ,  talking cakes and getting ready for a yard sale tomorrow. Not looking forward to that
@raenewman you called me  ?   didn ' t get that.  nest ti ame for syoure. maybei will come to LA soon. i hella wana go to Disneyland.
@jules23 I know . . . I would too. Yes i cant wait for BB ,  i love it! I heard theyre not showing the 24 hr live streaming this year though
@hobgoods- yeah i went to satellite beach today and it was flattt  it was good for ski amming though.
The last day of the last ti ame I visit my parents as an unmarried woman  (85/21589) ( http/bit.ly/Mo0QN  )
@adonki am Sounds like a nice relaxing afternoon. I have to mow the lawn and walk the dog
Just received my Leeds 10K bib and ti aming chip - but my hip injyoury means I will not be breaking any 10K PB this ti ame around
having a great ti ame on vacation ,  syoure as heck do not  want to go to work on tues.
Hanging with my BFF @JasmineWHO today! Ya Ya! @amandababby Oyour old friend is in my prayers ,  I hope this experience helps her
@chrisbrownweb Hope Ye Got Dem; your Site Is Amazing ,  I Got On Everyday; I Tryed My Own ,   It Failed  Lol , 
i am at the cubs game and it is so cold. I think it is going to rain.
@ebassman I just got two tickets one for speeding and one for tinted windows
You better come here by the ti ame I count to 10 or else. 1 ,  2 ,  3 ,   BAM ! ! ! !!
@euginis did you have fun last night  ?   we didn ' t see you.
Just had some babi pangang. Now off to friends. Tomorrow it is working ti ame again
@marykayte lucky! I still want those blue ones
Goin to the mall and gonna see the movie ghost of gfs past i hope it is good and top it all i am goin alone  but ilook cute and feel good ^^
@laydmaxix aww  i will keep sending it 
I read some pretty awesome web comics today. And there is nothing really good on woot today  http/myloc.me/20gf
just got a subponea
FANTASTIC week in London but ATROCIOUS 8 hoyour joyourney home
@smfibus I have a feeling that we  will be able to get anything we want as long as it is green.
@gowalla Added 3 more spots in Memphis today and visited 2.  Needed a Hot Dog icon for a new restayourant so had to settle for a Hambyourger
Going to @LittleSkillet for lunch today with @earth2andy. Who is in  ?   I still need to hit the ATM.
@Aeire ahahaha ,  that happens to me all the ti ame.  poor Angela!
Wants to go catch happy hoyour @sonic to get me a strawberry lemonade slush (@ameshaye put me on them) . . . but i dont have my car . . . super
@Minicooperr yeahh! Ryland was amazing xD BUT I DIDN ' T GET A HUG OFF Hi am booo  Suarez seemed a bit off tbh . . but I think he would just woken up
Just eaten ,  and feel extremely bloated . . .   now for the not so fun part.
About to present my project.
@jenrolton  awwwww  would a virtual high five make it any better  ?  
Best pyourchases at today at the yard sales: 2 large dog crates ($30) and a refrigerator for the office ($35) didn ' t buy anything old
@tagscats thanks! You know that happens once in awhile
leaving work ,  going to crystal to search for her license ,  picking her and bia up ,  then heading to vegas. ugh i am tired already
Fever of 103. Awesome. My tonsils are so swollen I can not even eat solid food. Still on location  the pictyoures rule though
http/twitpic.com/676tn - Home Sweet Home . . .  I didn ' t have a picnic blanket though
@mileycyrusi wanna go to prom one day   i wish U can go with me 2 my prom even though i am not a guy.but thatwouldmake1of myFRIENDS happy
My Pom pup is favoring her front paw.
aahhhh the new pics from new moon are brill. I do not  think I can wait 5 months
@sunshineangel89 Yeah . .   Of coyourse next ti ame.  ICQ  ?  
woo exams nxt wk
grrrr ,  cant even enjoy this b-e-a-utiful day! have to finish that -damned essay for philosophy
@OohLaLisa oh yes some are quite nice! and my  ' photoshop '  liep zojuist vast. so now I have to start over painting Risngs glove
tomorrow He  will gone to new home . . . I was Born single(oyour little puppy of basset hound)
Cubs: Wow! Big out to close the top of the 3rd. Bang-bang play to 1st.  it is starting to rain.
hanging out at school . . .  last day for seniors
So nice how Natalie taught Jameson why ! ! ! 
@jyourisdiva it is looking like the magic
@WerewolfSeth i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
Is happy . . . Skool just let out . . ! Today was my last day . . ! Yippee! R.I.P Jackson Tyler Morris . . ! Always Loved And Never Forgotten . . !
Eating Which Wich ,  yumm! Dont think i have  had it since the season ended
The trip to Stockholm got cancelled  To make it up i am planning to do some shopping tomorrow ,  nothing makes a girl as happy like shopping
@goldi_m except i am on site near the airport on Dixon!  i have a lil #starbucks gps in my head hehe
wanna see JB 3D Movie Experience again    . . .  I wanna touch Joe again hehehe
just realized tonight is Drake
amazing ,  my brand new PARI neb broke. go figyoure. and it is the weekend. looks like i will not be getting another one until next week.   *  sigh * 
Get a new one nxt wk ! ! ! 
@EricaMcGraw hi!! i am glad you had fun at tennis! i am about to go see dr dorfman   last visit though!!
@flahmanow  no te vi onteeeeeeem
@ellyaway I know june 2010 . . .   but it is gonna be so good. i am going to se it even if i am 20 when it comes out.
@jerrickli am LOL YES! took me awhile to get accustomed to it. now back apple v ,  a ,  x ,  c! btw ,  apple up  down still is home and end.
just hanging around the house. Thank god it is friday. With nina  @missmarissxox later and working on a global project
Rain Rain Rain go away come back next week when i am gone (via @GigglingMarlin) raining lie crazy in the Keys
@rbmartin yeh ,  i knew wot i meant . . . kinda!! lol seems to be alot of radio bods on here . . . i have  lost count
@ikklePickle haha I fail  just remember sohcahtoa xD
i wanna see UPPPPPP
@pinkbunny69 aww hope uve hada good day
@TheExplodingBoi White wine reminds me of vinegar
i have  knack my iphone ,  I got melted chocolate into the speaker ,  I now can not hear it when it rings
@drew8890. Haha I want another bagel. I have all this blueberry cream cheese left and no more bagel
Aarg ,  looks like I have to go home to Vegas this weekend. So much for Maker Faire
happy that Google Wave is trending.  can not watch the video for it . . .  certain flash videos are blocked by my company is network.
@scitadel oh well   it is great to see the canadian math trades getting bigger though.
@KristenSavage  I knew it! I use to love that show too  Happy weekend to you too!
my laptop my laptop ! ! ! ! taking sooooooooooo long to load fdms myspace page
Polaroid film today  ?  ! I hope so. Green tea = Yum. I got a 8/9 on my appearance for my job interview. Too much cleavage  ?  
oh my god  a rat . . .  ewwwww. oh my god  i cant wait for tha marra . .  so ecxcited. annabel cant go tho
@mileycyrus  they closed the voting . . . all u can vote for now is best movie  Hope you win it! My 4 y/o Daughter lovesss 2 sing The Cli amb
I just wanna be better already
@meeshthebeast me and dee mack talking about your baby!  She is almost all grown up!
This is scary  they hooked me up to 9 wires n it printed sum graph ohhhhhh
Just one of those days . . .  I pray it will get better . . 
all alone for the weekend!
ti ame to get ready for work
@therage comes to you. when is your atl show jljf i swear you will have fun they are  so much fun
Workout done for today. Now ti ame to get ready for work
@filmnerdjamie i have  only seen Star Trek twice. Seeing Up today but not in 3D since I was outvoted.
TGIF but it is so rainy and blah outside!  I need sun   Trying to figyoure out what to do tonight ,  I want to go to Prov to the Hookah bar.
@retrorewind Dave thanks for playing Happy Birthday from NKOTB. Today is my bday! It is a lonely bday today.
i love the dreambears! . .  i want a gay best friend!
wants to go to walmart. but will not go alone
@davidjosman ,  a 74 is not quite alright!  on the plus side ,  I ate cinnamin toast crunch for breakfast ,  and am now eating strawberries.
Only two weeks left at my middle school gig.   Full-ti ame work over the summer ,  but Teaching Credential begins at the end of August!
And it stopped raining.  Fuckingtastic! )
@stereophonics http/twitpic.com/6714p - I feel really emotional  it is been great seeing your pics and keeping up with you.  Gonna m  . . . 
Just got my paycheck . . .  April bonus can b deposited 2day the rest ,  gotta wait til Mon.
@soapylove Congrats on the Invisalign! I need to get refitted for mine - I got lazy and stopped wearing them.
@jennifalconer thought it was rubbish  twins are cute tho!
@kinahboo i amma miss dem KObe nd Bron commrcials wen cleveland get knocked out doe  they wer funny
@stephanie_hall no  i was gutted when he was not. lmao. i think i am obsessed with hi am ,  bahaha.
@iFelixGonzalez really  ?  !  ?  ! It looks like it is going to rain here but it is all just gray . . .  La is a bummer sumti ames
is dreaming of the weekend . . .  awake!
@Alitaluna Hey workaholic! =P lol . . . jus wanted to say hiiii . . . i always tell ash to invite u over but she says your always working lol
Yay almost home i had to go walking today  . . . .
nice hair and nowhere to go
Feel so depressed that I could not save it . . .  Thanks for nothing!
nice night ,  should be golfing
leaving florida want to live there forever! Texan * Girl
@Orchidflower Yes , all on my own  OH gone to bed after a minor soap marathon. Photo editing night 4 me. Ohhh Inn on the lake ,  nice food.
massive headache  going to see terminator tonight!
Watch Jay Leno tonite ! ! !   it is his last day as the Tonight Show Host
Symantec Ghost i amage corruption is making me cry
@Kat_04071991 haaa awesome! i remember my brother got given woody ,  and i got upset cause i got buzz  but then i got both of them lmfao
ughhh. i think my plans are ruined. i was excited too.
this week of mine was not easy!  but finally it is over! 
FRIDAY so freakin happy today was an annoying day  buuut WEEKEND! TGIF3
New York from 1500ft looks rather good. Last night in the Big Apple.
@BellaBKNY Thanks for your support as I kept updating ,  it helps
Aww what a sunny day! Tasty barbeque with the family  Got bad sunbyourn though
Back from lunch  READY TO GO HOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Having dinner at the crown at south moreton with David and a stroppy teenager
looking at this website!! should be working!!
@lvlyfairygrl i would say no bc it is so overcast  but if it gets sunny again then yes!
@gabilicious111 hahaha probably not  sorry. We ' ve got some things to do around the house . . . and then we have to go to Jared is parents house
I do not  know what my Mom gave me to clean my Macbook with but it is SO white now. It was tinted grayish blue from my black desk.
Being followed by compliance.  Great.   Have to watch what I say now.
@beeank haha it is awesome i always have to use it when i eat
she made my sister cry too hahah. bless her.  i hope she can do it again.
@blooddrunk SICK! i am totally getting GH5!! Too bad you guys didn ' t get to play in Boston
#bgt Aw bless her ,  my stomach sank when she first whi ampered but good on her for trying to carry on. That is nice of Si amon to take charge.
omds! holly steel ,  bless her!  x
That little girl holly!  find some ti ame! Aw ,  she  will get loads of votes now I bet!
@sarahblevins3 i know!!
@gfalcone601  haha ,  i was crying 
@RobbyWat For a minute I thought that said Maggie has an extra eye growing.  Yep ,  i am a space cadet.  Sorry for the sweet girl
@thatdamnninja Oh ,  okay. Every so often I get this random taste of blood in my mouth that makes me go eww ,  blood.  Haha.
hollie steel  bless her. but go dreambears 33333 hahahahaha
@kiieeeee yaaay for u cleaning your room. I said hi to u the other day  u didnt write me back
in Mallorca. Want to play guitar   When i come home i am going to buy the mcfly dvd first ]
yay i am out but i have 2 ride home  have 2 take tha yellow li amo . . super gay
need to cheer up!
@greatkingrat hey i forgot about that ,  ask steve to take mine down mate. I do look like Liam from shameless!
@idmoore Enjoy your day too! Prob see u up top of Glyders. No pint for me ,  gotta drive straight back as we ' ve got Dog stuff to do Sunday
@gfalcone601 tom is not with u!  hahahahahahhah he is with my bff
@under_control aw babyy i am sorry  i gots too excited ,  haha. 333
@ragazza_matta take my how well do you know me quiz!! i made one the other day . . .  no one took it yet  i put pics from yday on fb
working!   I am so ready to go.
Dentist   but the chicks hot so thats a plus
i looked all cute too!
Having lunch with: Me ,  Myself and I  I have noteat alone in soo long ,  but oh well
@welsh_lottie Not one of my favoyourite pasti ames  This weekend is a long weekend here so Monday i am off to an Ice Show w/ the G/daughter 
Bye twitter  FB world! i am at the San Francisco airport ready to board Air China. Not syoure ifi will have Internet access
Damn just spent a week whole of pay on shopping  oh well i am happy ! ! ! 
@wrldfms i would ,  but i do not  know how to do it from the phone . . . 
Reception food at Long Beach graduation = no Champagne  http/twitpic.com/67eba
do not  really wanna go school on Monday to be honest
I want to get super pretty  and i want a cig
This Water Horse movie is totally making me want to go to Scotland. I want a water horse  lol
@tommcfly wishing i could be in so paulo for the show  but fortunately i went to the brasilia one! haha
Back from the gym ,  just checkin '  email. Gonna go watch an old movie or something. it is a little cool out to sit outside and read!
oh my god  i just seen the sun and the moon in the same place  this disproves my theory that they are the same person
A sweater ,  a sandwich and a hug sound so fantastic right about now
Last Late Late with Pat Kenny! Bless
@joshuawoodard happy birthday man! my ride to the wedding i will see you guys soon though. you play here JULY 27th!
@leighannirvine Thanks hun! i am wearing my new goldmine e/s and big false lashes ,  but it does not show!
@pyourelynarcotic Ohh . .  #twpp is falling silent . .   I was waiting to track your US version . .  Next ti ame maybe . .  Btw sunny california sounds good
Meeting went well last night.They shot promo to air this weekend on MTV. i tried to hide but I was too close ,  I think they caught me.
cyourled up on the couch like a question mark ,  mind like jell-o. ah ,  tis such a joy to be a woman
Just got done working out . . . relaxing than off to work
@HoptonHouseBnB Sorry ,  not meaning to complain ,  feeling rough and heat getting to me again tonight  Would love to be visiting India though
@mileycyrus it wouldnt let me vote yesterday  but i made up for it today. i really hope u win cause everyone knows u deserve it =D
hahahahaha let is tweet! I have two hoyours  and I need a . . . 
Eww it is gross here  a lady keeps looking at me weird  ha ha but another smiled  asked me if i was in their company . . me in the army  ?   LOL
@it isjakey I love it when you call me chica
@sneadles What a great pictyoure!  We won tons of money that day.  (       )
Ready to celebrate the weekend! oh wait ,  I have 15 more minutes
@AboutLittleRock Wow. @mhenslee is constantly ranting about his love for Genghis Grill too. Never been there; not here in Colorado.
Tomorrow it will be a warm day . .   For some reason I do not  like the sun that much. xD Buti will go swi am! ;D So that is better. xD
@nizhonipetphoto i wannna go   i wanna go anywhere but jersey
@jtsui i wish i could sat but thats a super busy day  sunday perhaps  ?   playing football in dolores park too ,  youre welcome to come hang!
@Rikmach Yeah ,  I remember.   *  hugs * 
Smith/Amherst mini-reunion last night was fun- how i miss the old days
@_Stephhh_ Awww  I heard he is the sweetest guy with fans.
Me and mum are lost in grangemouth. Utter hilarity! Totally lost
@ProfessorSpork I actually envy you even though i have  already seen it.  It was that good!
@stonezoneshow http/twitpic.com/67gwh - bwahahahahahahaha nice!  I want a doggy
@aaronstewart try 5 5-drawer horizontal cabinets full of non-digital fun. The SEC  FINRA make my job so joyful. can not hire temps either
@dressjunkie oh no!! do not  be horrible  lol no but she was a better singer even if she didn ' t cry . . .  do not  u think  ?   she made me cry haha!
@kadi707 RUDE! going cabin drinking without lizlove!  but i am am proud momma that you finally learned how to properly TWIT
@WeTheTRAVIS i hope that happens tomorrow ,  then ill be there  (Providing my dad gets better to take me  )
@yelyahwilliams  but i love your haaaaair!
gotta go twitterers (  ?  ) my stupid sister wants to go on facebook  oging to montreal 2morrow so i wont be on for a while! bye!! XoXox 33
@RainbowEagle Yeah I replied!! I meant to take a photo of my drink but I was laaazy and didnt '   x
What a day ,  12 hoyours work  But I would really like my job ,  it is fabulous :b
does not have to go to work tomorrow! Good ti ames! Revision though
Excited bout going out 2nite but bummed cuz i am da designated driver. So no drinking for Angie!
@jonasbrothers please nick ,  say happy birthday to me. my birthday was yesterday!
Choir assembly was bad  it is fucking hot ,  yay!
@peacefullvegan I LOVE PD! So fucking good! I wanted to try something new . . . I give it 2.5/5 stars. it is meh.
@MrAhrenSean lol! ok ok it is a little absyourd . . .  lol but my mini and open toe heels will not make it in this weather
at home. didn ' t see the Bloody movie ,  full booked  but Night at the museum was fun though.
@opalbonfante Wonderful! Let me know what you think. Not light reading
@snowed_in I loved that movie! And I miss Raul Julia.
I had my galaxy . . and god it was good!!  Where has everyone gone . . twitters gone a bit quiet
@ThelovelyJ lmao back in queens now
just saw UP  it was a cute movie passed by a place called a peasants kitchen. wtf  ?   that names kinda sad
cookies and milk to make me feel better. thanks babe. still recuperating from last night.   http/yfrog.com/13izrj
@travelingcircus Oooh you just spoiled my teenage fantasy
@TMills130 aaawww  no worries fresh start to work on growing it out again
Oh god! The cheesy disco music has started and everyone is getting up on the tables  i need more wine . . . 
Was supposeddd to hang out with al but her mommy wont let her  now what to dooo  ?   Blah. Hahaha
@colbertobsessed  I was lucky ,  my mom paid for everything for me.i will take you shopping!
@Drlebron - Welcome to Minnesoooooooota. Free up some ti ame this trip to catch up! will not be at Cliquot Club though; they closed
@TheoLykos oh my god  I WANT TO GO TO THE BEACH ! ! ! 
@formicadinette - Yipe! i am sorry to hear that
Back @ home AGAIN  . .  bathing kids ,  ironing clothes for hubby  . .  nephew is graduation tonight! I remember when he was 2!
Two week extension on contract  . . .  i am ready for it to be done
The heat is here ! ! ! 
cba with exams! 17 left!
@megan_ftw awh i am sorry  i am probably going to do the same thing haha.
Maaaan . . .  it is way too nice outside to be in here working.
Hey ,  @elliotcole Thank you SO much for the #followfriday. I failed miserably to get a list together this week
Gotta love nasty weatherrrrr. @kileyymariee so jealous your at knotts
@jessbooka i just drove past your hotel  wish u was ere. i am thinking a december trip for a real white xmas!!
Going on 1 , 116 days still no new tattoo.
@Nairtseuqe so my son is not the only one!  that is really nice to know.  he really is good at being three. and dh will be late today
Latest: Saw Ani amal Collective in Oakland and they were AMAZING! Now ,  I am trying to clean my room
work  @britad Yay!
@Allierosen YAY ! ! !  but i am very sad ,  because i just got a flight in next weekend for my friends benefit  Have a wonderful ti ame ! ! ! 
You can not spell #melo without e m and o . . .   3 to my favorite blogging site.
ok guys ,  have to tyourn this Laptop off to pack.   tweet u guys on the road! bbl . . .  . . 
@MC_Craig_G Hope your enjoying the money . . it is looking real good to me right now
@Kashi amae Thanks Kashi! I was thinking the other day about how mad I am for doing myself a disservice by not taking 1 of your classes.
@m_delamerced what did judge answer to fid. duty 2 tort lawyer  ?   u r so good at this.it will be like the oj trial over once this is done
Excellent the Suzaku 7 are back together  woop last episode  hope it is a happy one i am a sucker for these really lol shh
@midsomerlover  How comes you ' ve seen it before we have  i am so excited ,  I hope he gets a love interest soon ,  do not  tell me if he does!
@WerewolfSeth did you really just call me Ma ' am . . . wow that was the reality check of the day  lol
Oh joy it is gong to be a long weekebd . . .  Yipee : * 
i feel like a bright ,  new t-shirt . .  wish i had one.
I actually got a bit of a tan today haha sadly will be working all weekend will not get a chance to enjoy the glorious sunrays boo
Horrible thought . . .  I have to go back to work on Monday   Good thought . . .  I only work for 90 minutes   Life is good.
Good stuff ,  Smiles back  ?   Why will not you go to his concert too  ?   . Wish I could instead of working on my music which is failing  lol x
@gossipboy630 hahah really  ?   some guy said i looked 14. i dont look young
Whatever. Workweek is over. Ti ame to go play with new phone. Si am card didn ' t transfer contacts list
@designbreaker Nothing ,  stayed home
@Tech_Ani amated thanks so much for everything you do!  i am so sorry you are hyourting
@mishxmonster  haha ,  as if i am only 19 girl  They do not  give me beer lol xD
I wonder who that thomasvanvliet is. Maybe you can help me ,  because i have  just inherited $20000000! can not withdraw it
Just got back from working out. i am feeling pretty good. work at 40
Last day of holydays ,  gotta get back to work    Anyway ,  2 great weeks
wishing warped toyour came to london canada . . . .
played a bit pool with my buddies . . . going to bed now ,  have to work tomorrow
@RemiRockit sounds like my town
@Jenniferlai7 aww ,  me too. today has been good for me up until like 4  ?  
just kidding. it is standing room only.
alright ,  so day was going well ,  but got home ,  and all my potato salad was gone
i want some grape soda ,  jack fowers '  fault. also ,  @TraceCyrus i wish i could see you play  are your uk gigs sold out  ?   please reply ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
Wow I really need to have fun tonight now
ti ame for bed . . . .got some learning to do tomorrow with an early start  night night good peoplex
today i was so happy got i got off school early ,  but now i am bored!!
@marcihearts I will be sending it to you when I get my first check if I make enough lol I have only worked like 8 hoyours so far
@VernaeWilliams @LanceDrummonds you two are hilaaaaarious ,  I love it. Vernae where have you been    ?  
@Pettles i know!! i can not believe it  it says on their bleedin song- donnie raps it!! tut
PERFECT SHOW TO YOU! enjoy for me
seniors done  5 more days!! woohoo!! going out for the night.
show was amazing. so cold out now  hope I can give victoria my card and get my dvds back  ha
@saraxmazing ah! NFG were super amazing! Jordan is  ' pretty legit ' !! can not stay longer 2 meet everyone cuz we hv 3 hoyour drive home!
@Katie_Noonan I think ill do that! I well wanna go out ,  go no one to go out with  Loveyou
@quirke I wish he was still around.   there was a litter under oyour azalea. I caught DD in the back yard @ 6 am with bunnies in her lap.
@clio_jlh LOL That is a special kind of magic ,  though!   And did you see the special on Discovery  ?    They think Nessie died.
going to watch some tv now - crazy night out - up at 7am for work tomorrow i will live somehow! At least it means I finish early!
@Danny30011980 @Gavinmusic great pic , have to upload my pix tomo , i have  no laptop tonight.
Sunbyourned on my face  legs. Fixing to be my arms tooo.
@jonasobsessedx ._.; Thanx ! Now with that message I just wanna leave !! )= ! BYE !
may have unintentionally snubbed someone due to my ineptness/shyness. feel badly
@donnyosmond Very excited as we have just booked tickets to Vegas (we live in the UK) can not believe the  price of the show tickets
@KarolinePaixao EPIC moment! hahahha i swear . .  i really wanna see it
is rockin '  a minivan til the STi is ready. I miss it already
Had Sbarro for dinner and Krispy Kreme for dessert. Mmmmm! But so not very healthy.
Feels like throwing up!
@martinhavlat Dang! Wish I could go  I have tickets for Sundays game!!
@montiAsutton I wish I could really do that  I love having u around! Ill see what I can do . .   try to use that national champ pull lol
i need to write really bad. can someone go get my diary from my flat for me
Headed to see friends new baby. Gave up trip to the lake cause of dance class. Such a good mama.
hahahahah i woke up at 9 today . .  totally missed lectyoure and the quiz  open lab was useless. chipotle w/ silvera and jenny was greeat 8D
Six feet under theme is on jjj
I woke up and my hiccups came back!
BBQ is gone well ! Weather stayed good which is a right bonus. Just off to bed ,  training in the morning at 060 then work
i miss k_ris punking me everyti ame we hung out and effnng me up
@ki amble09 yeah   but i am jus glad the thunder stopped .
Definitely need to work out after this business trip- too much free food and alcohol. i am syoure i have  gained a few pounds.
Thanks to my assignment i am off to work today!
another great workout! but i am feelin kind of funny
I just want to watch my Naruto Shippuuden missed episodes.
@selenagomez bananabrain2 got hit by a car and got screwed! : O ,  32 oepn wounds ,  a broken finger ,  broken toe (both toe and nail) f *  * ed up
i have problems wih pizza . . ii love it too much . . i am so addicted to pizza  and Dot Dot Cyourve. 
@rachyzilla still have notbeen to the infamous liverpool store  my manager helped set it up said it is awesome (y)
@becckysmith aw no!  yeah I must say ,  it was very good haha
639 baby! GOD it is SAD REALLY  oh well lifes a partaaayx
@JayDoub Hello ,  i am good thank you - tottaly tired ,  been working lots today . . . tottaly shattered!  what about u
Getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun
@TheShoctor @pezhore @O3Visuals @N9VLS Victory! Now I just need to reinstall all my damn apps.
Watering the plants at home. Drinking a delicious smoothie from morgans because my jamba exploded.
@fly_meaway i am sorry hon  I know how it feels though . . . i am usually crazy but at a family gathering I would probably hold back like that also
toy story 3! june 2010. i can not wait that long.
@dotboom  i am defiantly watching it. I was at work  when you were streaming and had to leave.
@naomijlea good job I have the track in my head ,  cos sadly can not access it ,  boo
@mysolis Aw ,  sorry your day sucked!  Did u see my post abt car issues  ?   LOL I think it is safe to say it can only get better tho. Beer-thirty  ?  
@vicki_  really  well if u want ,  we can go 2gether next yr  ?  
Meeting up with Karen and the boys for some drinks at The Dock ! ! !   All I wanna do is drink though . .     fuck it like Andrea said! Haha
liz just left  aww it was so good to see her.
people with mustaches get super powers and mustaches. no fair.
@jenniferdodd i am out of town next week   We  will have to party when I get back. Happy early Birthday!
@Tatylicious Hey chick!  When are we going to JA to pick up some hot guys and eat Jerk pork and festival  ?   Well you already have a hot guy
I am so glad it is Friday. I just got off work and i am so tired.
@amandalayour that would be awesome i think ,  i hate how expensive phones are
Missing my morning work out cause my bench press is back in Jakarta  goodluck diga! Test will be easy peasy! Hehehe
Well good job to my two cousins that are graduates! Good luck in life ! ! !   never wear your pajama pants to school  
@RamEsRock  rompes mis ilusiones con lo de thrasher haha
Glad to be home I wish I could make @CBrown7785 feel better
Crisis averted!  Phew! On a different note ,  @AmeeC3 and @Zelenski . . . you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined
either my inerne is fucked or my mind is but i am pretty syoure that it is the internet
@sugafactory oh my god  me 2 !! Haha i was half an hoyour late 4 work whoops !! Hahaha i h8 workin sat mornins
@rgoodchild yeah it made a great noise ,  and tripped the house circuit breaker. Good Ti ames. $200 worth of parts too
getting ready to see my cousins graduate.  gonna miss em.
Jon made one of the greatest dinners ever: roast pork tenderloin on a bed of wild rice on a bed of mixed greens  yummy sauce. No wine
@talk2donboy LOL well i am qlad u enjoyed yyour ramen noodles . .  i had fried chicken   . . i am tired now
hey i am back on . .  but msn will not work  darn msn haha. can not stop thinking about 3d movie haha!
@TheKellanLutz oh my god  i want to go too!  hahaha
@AnnaDiFilippo have fun without me pasty  33
@Colie5cent $300 later . . .  I feel so good! But guilty
@mellalicious I have to call stevie to reschedule!!  I won a competition yesterday to the launch of si ams 3 at Luna park ,  same day at 6pm
@Cadwaladr oh my god  yes ! ! !  ! ! ! ! but I have to get ready for work early tonight  I have payroll distribution duty
@cassetetapes  shareeee.
@spookygirl what a great project ! ! !  Wish I could have done that with DD1. She is too old now.
@dougiemcfly http/twitpic.com/67uc7 - awww it is a shame that your all flued up  but apparently it is realllly good stuff. good luck f  . . . 
at least two to three ti ames a week i tyourn on the tv ,  find comedy central already on and have to endyoure a brief moment of scrubs
@ce_ci ewww poor you  wish you all the best! thank God there is Rolland Garros this month is not  ?  ! 
Prayin for dad  in Wellington ,  FL http/loopt.us/F8_Jqg.t (via @fyourman27).  I too live in welly. May i pray f . .  http/bit.ly/lB9SN
@loonyboi You rule for doing this! I bought the second game at full price and lost it in a move.
@LadyRedCrest @miss_hazy  Have safe trips! And Indy is my home
@Gemma_Rigby Well my neck hyourts from moving out  you massage me ,  i massage u  ?  ! lol!
@dougiemcfly good show for you guys  . .  i wish i could be there to see you
@KelseyJ_xo  hey chick u alryt u at dads tmoro we sud do sumin aen like last week we neva dun oot this week lol  missed you ha bye hunx
@DelbertShoopman Good luck with the footage - none of the stations are breaking in live with it
Mom says I have to get a new phone i amMEDIATELY . . . off to T-Mobile.  she paying . . . 
@KennyJ88 that was good . but mean  haha
Here is a big moan for Dave Leyrock . . .  i am UP IN 8HRS!  pity me! Coloyoursfest ahoy xo
My whole life has come to this . . .  . . incredibly amazing
@StoneBrewingCo um . . .  thats my favorite beer!! why must you tortyoure me so when I can not make it down there!!
to the doctor  anyone wanna do somethin after for a bit  ?  
Going home to enjoy what is left of the day - I can not believe how quickly this week flew by ,  no ti ame for tweets
@MsHollywoodDiva hahahaha your watching 106 too . . .  i miss Oceans 10 . . . 
new favorite group has to be J * Davey HiLow is my shit. why do not  the really flygroups come to Miami hell Florida  ?   And no Rock The Bells
@Candypants2 we did! They came out cold  The cheese sauce was good ,  though.
@coebooth Just got it a few hoyours ago! So not yet!
@jeanettesanchez lucky you ,  all we ' ve had is rain in the city today  enjoy! 
@bjolly086 Now ,  I can not call your kitten by it is new name ,  because Ryan makes fun of the way I say kitten.
@iliveinbetween i graduate at 9am on Sunday June 14th . . . 
 . . .  I want to die. I want to TAKE my own life ,  forever. She is trying to get me to do a duet.
Having internet access on board means I can see what bad weather we are flying into   http/bit.ly/h14Tw
@catrionat7 Yes yes Is. i ama Guna Be On For a While Lol.
7pm and i am just now leaving my desk.  And just last week I was on a safari. My how ti ame flies.  What is good for the weekend  ?   JBII
@ToxicSociopath awww. well before we know it youll be back visiting XD we will hang out constantly and have another heartbreaking goodbye
@DirtyDizco Maaan if I wasnt in pain I would come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol  *  rolls eyes * 
i am full. i had a tripple thick chocolate milkshake from mcdonalds now i feel sick
@celebritystatus wifeyyyyyy  me no likey u siky
@doodleworld  thank had a great day  gonna have a long weekend.  Excited yeti will be missin my tweeple badly.
hm i am happy but i want to join drama practice today !
Still working in the database and trying to decide what I want to eat.
@wildcyourl7888  Well ,  I still can not wait for the one shot.
Jeff was right! Call of Duty pwns. Now i just gotta figyoure out what to do with this xtra copy of Wolvarine I bought earlier this week.
today was GOOD   ,  that little girl hollie in bgt  ,  just me or complete sympahty vote  ! how cute is aidan davis :L  ?   tweet me  x
@bztak1020 actually ,  my friend gave me the files today! lol but those are all CDA files . . .  do u know how to convert them to MP3  ?  
Not going to Suffolk tomorrow.   However ,  now MB  I are planning a picnic on the Mall with friends Neil  Jodi.
@chris_shields06 good job!  I wish i worked in a zoo
Doing homework and then going to bed ,  have to leave at 6:50 tomorrow morning for work  and then i wont be off till 6
night night twit is! i am so glad I will be waking up to a satyourday off work!! printer has broke though
going away party at ambers  road trip tomorrow!
@Sabrina1989 I thought it was a si ample one  I found it hilarious.
Weekends are Great . . . if you do not  have to work them.
Writers:They just make me wonder , why are you foisting all the little pipe dreams stories in your head onto other people  ?   I like writing
the plan was to take a nap (yea i am still feeling last night) then go watch lakers game smwhere fun. looking like no nap
I need a bear hug  and i am going to camp today!!
@bkkrakora ew ,  i used to get suicides in high school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it ,  too.
@Linooo Ahhh!  I knowww! I saw it May 5th and 6th in Newcastle and it was so good ! ! !  i am soo excited for 6th June ,  as it is my bday aswell!
@Wonder33Woman Yes I did see Mitch Hedberg and the whole floss thing.  He is hilarious.  I 3 hi am.  Poor guy
@ktml nice work buying coda dude! it is a great app! Unfortunately ,  I bought it when it was the full $99USD  #jealous
@tarraxo i am not syoure.  Btw ,  YAY FOR WICKED TICKETS! That is awesome! When are you going  ?  
best show of my life. mcfly rocks my world  i wanna meet you guys ;;
i have to be at work at 5 am   . . .  thanks to me ppl will be getting their freakin starbucks. peace out ppls!
it is too beautiful to stay inside
Finally eating unagi i have  been saving up for a while! +udon  AGH I just realized the band playing at Bear Garden today is one I like!
so I just had a violent fightclub like sex dream involving heavily tattooed ladies. I didn ' t wanna wake up.  lol.
@kidcatastrophe so cool to hear you guys on 104.5! and i can not believe you in were cherry hill a few weeks ago and i missed it  come back
Friday ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! ! Wooo and nothing to do.  Nuggets better pull it off tonight.
I love it when it rains on me when i am golfing
@emilygrace_BHB I went to that concert and I remember Derek and Mark were hosting! I miss seeing BHB  at the grove.
@hannahgramm Haha damn you not inviting me
I am finally plugged in to listen to Flashpoints on http//:www.kpfa.org shoutout @norabf and have missed the segment about Chevron
says Morning.  http/plyourk.com/p/x34ap
@lolbethie that sounds great right about now. it is ridiculously hot in my house
@Aphrosie It would still involve me standing up. lol. Windows are too high up. Guess i am just gonna have to go out
Just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! Kinda mad cause i am gonna miss the laker game!
So much happier ,  despite my looming departyoure
i am probably the only person in the world that uses tweetie from my ipod touch  not an iphone  ghetto  ?   haha
Listening to nin and working on my break. ALMOST as good as being at the show . . . .  rock out extra hard @SarfaBarfa
Oops forgot to shave my legs!  Byebye to my favorite cousin   Bklyn two nights in a row . . .  We go hardd ! ! !  ! ! ! !
28 in VanCity  ?   Holy shizz. I will be home soon kids!
@jeseekuhluv Yea I think I waited to long. oh well. thats cool. I should have signed up for more but i am already done with core classes
@spootychild omfg I have been DOWNING them they are so tasty. I ate almost all of them with Lo
passed my drivers test! i can drive! . . . oh wait ,  i do not  tyourn 16 till october
@mfrancella I have yet to even get out to play this year  soon I hope!
@aub311 Dang me too! it is only a 4 hoyour drive! Too bad it is my daughters 1st bday party  it is hosted by Donnie
@HelenCrozier Yes- It was fun to connect with her! Pls tell her hello- can not find her on Twitter.
1.2 mile run and 450 meter swi am ,  things are looking better and better . . .  Laying off the bike today
@BuggysRose  Haha , I just may do that , yo!
Feeling like Romeo and Juliet with Bryant and Wallinwood as the Montagues and Capulets . . .    #fb
@PerezHilton well even with her breakdown she was better than the other acts unfortunately! Britain is got very little talent
1st- TY to those who follow back.  2nd - grrr to those who do not  ,  cuz it messes up being able to follow others u want to when your at 2000+
inFamous on the PS3 = AWESOME. My eyes are so sore now though
@owenong looks good  . . .  making me hungry but boy stll asleep
Hey had some fun with friends  ! ! ! !!Now cleaning
@saramcdonald23 soooo jelous of you right now
@katabolickatie not on my tv !    i am watching a that 70 is show marathon !
@Lea_Ada_Franco I am working again!  Woo hoo!  Alas ,  I was unable to obtain an Elita-1 for your daughter.  it is $80!
@cassapel Damn ,  I got all excited for nothing  hahaha
tomorrow valeria is lunch ! ! !  going to get my hair done but i am arraving late   got my cousins babtizm or whatever you spell it
You know funny thing about everyone packing for E3 is that I am packing to go to mexico . . .  not E3
enjoy the laker game for me guys! sincei will be at work
@ a_mccallie WOW . . .  I am replaced already   ?     ?     ?    I thought I am coming back with my steaks
@Edit4321 cont . . . and then it goes to waste  no one likes stale sweets. That reminds me of this cute song called Stale Cupcakes lol
@shortcakemlt the movie on the plane is Mall Cop- (but i saw it with the nephews already
@xoshattered_  i missed you. today was the greatest day ever. i am byournt and shit lmfao. but it will be a nice tan. 11 rides in 6 hrs!  3
@mileycyrus cool and aww
oh my god ! i am Back. I Know I Was Out For A Week. Because My Brother Took His Laptop With Hi am To Mexico. So I could not Be Online.
just got home from a nice party ,  just not tired yet
victory for the bulldogs was celebrated by 3 white chocolate cheesecakes  nom nom nom WHATTA FATTYYY
@saraLDS Thanks for that ,  Sara
@Tony_Mandarich well welcome back from the dark side!
@sai_shediddy lol  ,  you gotta share too
first up ,  make up for lost ti ame with jelly. Jalan jalan just the 2 of us  and the rollerblading with my pumpkin. Happeh
@redrobinrockn next one for you!
Welcome @doeko ! Really glad to know you here. your products rox man
is happy  and clean ,  squeaky clean
@Tottie Thank you ,  thank you!! Thought this is where all the cool kids hang out now ,  hehe  xoxo!
@aruky Yes ,  this NBA song is great ! ! !   Got an old funny NBA cheerleader remix song. Ohrwyourm of the day colorblind.
NEW LOGO! for all the Web ,  Cheak it! . . . gAllethOo
@girlfromthemoon  . . . i had a yay moment today  YAY hope you did too!
@DonnieWahlberg sounds like you all had a great night . i am glad it was successful
Woop ,  have just bought the Elliot Minor album on itunes. it is finally working for me!!
@nicolesssss  no ,  dayuuum 5o ' clock was better
@DavidArchie i am watching some of your videos in YouTube. You are funny David.  Oh and TALENTED of coyourse!
@VIbeauty we will work on that mama  sweetdreams!
nothings better then going out for chinese at the supperinn with ma fave cousins at 1am
New @shackletonmusic single bought! It is awesome!! Well done boys!
@amyyyxoxo ahh I gtg but pls help me with number 3i will come back later to see what u said  haha plz and thank u
@zhayrar lol well thank you
good job!
I love the sunshine and the happiness it brings
@heyrbk ohh shardup! hehe. hes hot lah ,  gotta admeeet! bleh.
@living_autism BUT on the bright side you are on twitter! Morning!
@Petty01 Happy Birthday and cheers to PAO!!
i won because i am awesome
finally having my cup of coffee ! ! ! 
Just hangin out at home ,  watchin twiligghhttt ( and readin it (AGAIN!!) lol School sukked today Bahaha
@antsrants it is driving me insane!  all i want is a lie in ! ! ! 
For @mizhalle    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jbp3
Hi all ,  just recovering from a party ,  looking forward to an exciting bank holiday around the diy shops . . . life cant get much better.syourely
@mskiannathediva  He is awesome . . .  Have you worked with hi am before  ?   He is a good friend.
Well Done  ,  Visteon Belfast ,  2 years salary paid. Just shows what happens when you stand up for yourself
@DavidArchie I tweet sooo much about you. Gahd.  Hahaha!
@williamduncan the archetype thing was for a comm. class that studied archetypes in popular media. reading your links now ,  thanks
@algibbs thanks for that ,  now i learned something new today  enjoy.
@iloveicetea haha when is it  ?   good luck babe   UPLOAD A PHOTO ,  WILL YA   ?  
@DavidArchie OK David ,  talk later  Have a great dayyyy ay ay ay ay
@hrcolors Maybe it had a hot date with a nice little Cesna.
@kyspeaks  Yah ,  they have footlong sausage too mah. But Halal place . . piggy sausages are bigger
@galacticfaerie Sounds great. i am looking forward to it then
 . . . love and wanted to share with my followers. feeling inspirational. ive had a long day.
@velvetella Bye ! Have a great ti ame being whisked away
@BoomKatt yes yes I AM ,  networking whore to the fullest . . .  . . . and this girl is rih next to me
@alicedric can not wait for it. i love your scripts. honestly ,  you should have a futyoure career as a script writer  - Stock Twit is
@MrMaxROI Hey ,  it is good to see you here! Will now follow you. Would be nice to have a photo!
Tweet you later ,  have a wonderful day.
Got my braces tightened today. Then I got McDonalds! HAHA  Sport tomorrow yay yay yay! Netball tryouts . .  wish me luck to make the team! :l
@Rosiecosy Thanks for sympathy. It was not too bad until about an hoyour ago when I started thinking of the appointment tomorrow.
tafe was actually quite good. for once
@wickedgirl24 glad you like it
Photo: Great night.  http/tumblr.com/xmo1pgymj
@amber_benson  Woohoo! Well Done! I started Macarena-ing too
Bank holiday mondaaaaaay   Exams tomorrow  D:
@Gennargh I also have a brain tumor called Jeffery.
is excited. Lots of good things happening work-wise here in Melboyourne
recovering from mexican fiesta. Had a bit too much of a good ti ame!
New baby arrived yesterday. A fab baby boy at 2.8 kilo  Very proud and happy
which is why i can not wait till i move out of home and life by myself next year  WACKY ADVENTyourES EVERY DAY ! ! ! !!
is choosing to do britney for the dance showcase! yesss  cant wait. 58 days . . . 
still awake . . doing my assignments and playing virtual farming
@vene2ia Great!
I think more people would buy the Slap chop ,  if the commercial was like this: http/bit.ly/vQIUf
watching a movie and rocking my baby kitty who is asleep in my sling hanging from my neck. So cute
@PeopleBrowsr nice new profile pictyoure! Glad to see some friends in there
@DavidArchie  AWOOOOGAHHHHHH ! ! ! ! heheee hope you get some decently priced breakfast real quick ,  David
supernatyoural is back on tonight !!
but oh my god  mummy bought me ice-cream!
@deversum good morning Hazel  caffeine-shot  ?  
@niuts14 Oyour weekend was also great . . .  two friends of Julia were here for foyour days . . . 
Ah. Bank holiday morning . . . reading Elle in bed and getting excited for a roast dinner in Sheering later
@abstractg @grendel @tigertigercb woohoo! I got the Sunbeam Caf Series grinder at Eu Foods for only $198! Epic win
@pixelbase @steverumsby I care about Eyourovision! And yes ,  they have a 50 % jyoury-based vote this year  #eyourovision2009
because he @the_real_nash wants to be an honorary Filipino i will follow hi am now ) thanks @daxvelando!
@Emmmaa___ haha was it good  ?   i bet it was
mmm  eating tostitos  piknik with spinach dip from SR. 3
@chainsawchelsea If it is any consolation ,  you are definitely one of the hottest GG is ,  i amHO
@khali_blache Night! Doze well.
@DonnieWahlberg  donnie rocks if u could only here it my 2year old runs around every where sayin donnie rocks
@maydbs it is looking like June - nice right  ?  
Prom was awesome.
9100 tweets . . . just living the rockstar life one tweet at a ti ame.
possessed beyond certainty that she has made the rite decision
@RealBillBailey good moring mr bailey ,  it is my birthday today
spending a  ' girly '  day wif my foyour big sisters! shopping. pedicyoures and dyeing eachother is hair. ohh yeah
@johna404 Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
Would really like to buy death note 1  2 later this week  I loved those movies!
@ELLISNYC we should all be down to earth. do not  none of us walk on water  i am just some horny nerd trying to find my way thru life lol
@roel247 Thank you good sir ,  it has been a syourprisingly good afternoon ,  very productive
Ay dios mio! 2 weeks left of college ! ! !  AH can not WAIT!!
@eltonmcmanus   to you matey
wlcome @johiw44 - i am proud of my girlfriend
@jnacool I dont understand sensex . . but wow!
Good day today tomorrow will be even better
@djinfrared Sounds pretty cool. Great job man!
@jasonhoun Haha of coyourse! That is my favorite album of all ti ame
@EMarketingGyouru Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
dinner was awesome. i am so happy my mom enjoyed her bday  I was able to spoil her yay lol
@QuestCon That gave me a great smile. Nice way to end the day. You are so right
lovely night of steve-o and family guy. off to bed.
@HOTTVampChick Excellent ,  he will never know ,  lmao.
1 more day!
@rajrikhy Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
okay ,  really going now . . . STOP MAKING ME LAUGH LIKE THAT!!
morning! just got my coffee
Headed up to WMC for the day. Hopefullyi will have enough ti ame to swing by Chinatown on the way home. i am in the mood for duck!
Watched Yes Man ,  it was good  http/tinyyourl.com/dbrc88
it is a perfect day to throw back your head and kiss it all good bye - love it ,  so cheerful!!    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jckp
may the foyourth be with you! happy star wars day
@Mandarific well on a day off you owe it to yourself to sleep in late
Just got back from the karaoke bar in the metreon ! ! !  Watching millionaire matchmaker
@dannnnnniiiie lol brandy and mr whiskers is on
@Karen230683 morning  hope u r well . .  i am off to bed soon!
@pauliniunia it is the best show EVER!
Monday morning bathing - soooo relaxing! If I was a lady of luxyoury I would start every day like this
@barbsaka I love finding regional groups of Twitterers! Glad I could connect you with a few new people
The sun is shining
@amber_benson Loved it! You continue to delight us Amber.    Great job on the backing and the video by @adambusch. Kudos.
ehh i need a break. gonna do 3pg essay 2m before work at 5. going to bed now. gym in the morning! nightttt
@jaackyx ha you  will do fine! just be positive!  aha i know huh. wht a long conversation. i remeber you and allyson did even lnger ones! x]
@Amayoury_Polanco Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
@girlwhoshould but it is fun when they blatantly ignore the advice
@DebPenner Deb  ,   ,   I am looking forward to exploring si amplelogy/Mark Joyner. i will be back in about 10 hoyours.
@DarryleP Am busy yes . . . But then always am. Hope you had a great ti ame traveling.  Where did you go  ?    Welcome back!
@StDAY Dude ,  that is eerie. Good song though ,  and a good movie.
@jason_2008 Well ,  having to revise them!  Was to do some more gardening ,  now ,  I guess hoovering and some warcraft  Not played in a week !
@SteffaniYu haha! i see . . .   go ,  wear BLUE! ) heey ,  your watching JONAS! hahaha ) have notwatched any ep yet . .  hope it shows here soon!:p
@gi_ri_ja good morning ,  it is nice to see you!
So happy that it is FINALLY May!    The Indy 500.  Was there for the horrors of 1973 ,  yet I still remain held captive by Indy is spirit . . . 
@cosmicgirlie good luck!! How exciting
lol haha very funnyyy lol i am talking to my bestfriend ashleyyyy ! ! ! 
Waking up early to go to the gym
@codingvicti am nice to have you back
Having rice crispies this morning  Brings back some good memories!
@AmineB perfect!
@CHIOMA_ yeeeee  Haha. The funniest thing is when dudes that cant ball bring their hot gfs along so they can watch them get myourked!
@mzjennx uhh ,  congrats for your two years anniversary
Off for a bit of a motorcycle trip today!
@janevans35 LOL I love my MacBook too. Oh and my i amac. can not decide which I love more. OK 24 i amac trumps 13 MacBook
Laying on my bed. ONE spot smells like vanilla.  awesome
@ohmoss cyouring le hangover from an epic night ,  bruised  ' n battered from a hectic go-karting session. pretty satisfied thank you very much
Getting the FAB portrait is ready to upload today
@MikeyAllStars  We are of like minds this evening  ,  my dear!
@myucan91 wahahahaha!! i wanna naaaaa ! ! !  well . . . hapit na i guess. hahahaha ) yes ,  now we all know ! ! !  hahahaha lol ) NARN! haha joke
Yay! Good way to end the night.
chillin with christina and diana
@joek949 i am okay thanks. No job yet buti will keep going until I get one! Are you actually following me yet BTW  ?  
@heyshanny I can not wait either ! ! ! !! your so welcome  YAY ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@larainefan She does especially Pink ones LOL  What beautiful creatyoures they are!
@crazytwism haha . .  good for you
Bit of soul ti ame 4 this mama  will visialize next living environent. Speak soon.
@ProudKiwi thanks for the message - just worked out how to see them and reply!
@DavidArchie See you on may 16!!
in the airport ! ! !   only 8 hoyours til hoommee!
Goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood ,  i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the  ' BEYONCE WEEKND '  coming soon.
went to eastgardens and saw a lot of hillsong pastors there Now i am going to Nicks for dinner. Cant wait to talk to you soon @sherrymacs
nice weather today in Alex
Now I have to think of things to say    And before that I have to make super chunk chocolate muffins with my kids
@shakedxit23i will save you
Is ending the day with another walk nice walk and then some gelato
just woke up with a cat in my face  haha
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http/tinyyourl.com/c9ryqc
Heeey ,  we won ice hockey . . . we are winners!!
@marismith - just took over the #1 Most Endorsed spot on twinde.com - thanks to the endorsement by @danholmesi amIND
finally leaving this place! woohoo! school ti ame!
@Layouratheexpat is not a bit of little britain in all of us  ?  
@pandalion WOW! Totally awesome! Action Guinea Pigs! Want to go and see it now ,  NOW! Do you think we would be allowed to take Lance  ?  
@threatbot it is going to be a fun night and i am helping host it ! ! ! 
@xMyrthe you writing fanfic  ?   me read!
Happy Star Wars Day ,  may the 4th be with you  my lil '  12yr old bro is at home playing with a lego AT-AT and dozens of stormtroopers.
@LoveLoyaltyLife Very i ampressive  i am the same way. 100 %
1 lovely one before waking up
FINALLY have a working (subbed!) copy of Pika  ?  Nichi.   Heeeee.
mondays agenda: last class/final of the semester ,  work ,  sorority meeting ,  happy hoyour.
yaayy ,  cannot wait for today girls!  gotta get dressed this early ,  because were going early!
Good morning
All moved in to oyour new apartment. So exciting
I  have always been a sucker for the sound of an acoustic guitar!
I AM OFFICIALLY CELEBRATING MY 400TH TWEET. Wow! I am so proud  it is great.
Watched Kunguma poovum konjuma pyouravum . . .  Liked it very much!  excellent cinematography ! ! ! 
good morning world
@ohmonika babe text me your email address so i can send it over
loves it that the first Monday of May is a Bank Holiday!  http/plyourk.com/p/roxar
@emalyse David Aaronovitch is always worth making an exception for  (Good morning ,  by the way)
If anyone know anyone that made aliyah with the help of Nefesh BNefesh please contact me. I would love to talk with them.
@girlsmadethis i want all kinds of designer suggestions darl  any and all. mens ,  womens ,  anything! formal/street/alternate. whatever!
it is raining that fine rain ! ! !  U know the fine rain that wets you the most
Morning Ali a big thank you for yesterday love you always. You out on the bike today  ?   do not  forget to get a helmet ok
@mjasenn i totally owe you a week of on-call duties.  i appreciate not having those while jill is in town
May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day twirps!  ROFL
Going to shopping place thingie! BRB LATERZ!
@taufiqz I watched that too! I liked it
@kadambariyer thanks . .  that was quick . . 
@flickstack hehe i will never thorw out these shoes  i am listening to varsity fanclub syourprise syourprise  sway sway baby is awesome
@rosieroserosie can not believe i was not following you! am now  have an anatomy prac tmw so tonight i am all about structr of the lwr li amb
thanks for the raspberry-Laced Vanilla Cake
@ddlovato your second episode of Sonny WAC was on in New Zealand tonight. You were (and still are) AMAZING! ily 
morning prayer meeting  how AMAZING is the gift of prayer ! ! !   i am completely buzzing this morning! In christ alone my hope is found!
@sabrinabryan hi my name is Chelsea and i respect your opinion when it comes to dwts. you were great on there too!
Up and washed  i am clothing myself as I type xD WOOOO
@XoGraceoX hahaha i am listening to SHES A LADY! haha ily FTSK   
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you  (via Nige the Goth)
Morning all. First tea of the day ,  and just about to record the voiceover for a documentary about modern Druidry. Good ti ames
who has a day long text conversation  ?   me.
And the sun is back up again.  Could we have more of the kind of weather we had last January and February  ?   I like jackets.
hahaha @IkeBot is SUCH nonsense
@khanserai I know how you feel!On the bright side ,  you are moving to a place where it would be appreciated!  Onwards and upwads!
@KevinRButters i was in chiangmai for a month last year dyouring loy krathong. best festival ever.
http/tinyyourl.com/d7tb38 Nice Photoshop Effects
@rhettroberts haha best thing about office birthdays hey
@zykloid Thanks!
Haha! just overheard on the us. 3 yrold to mom mom ,  I think I should learn to read today
@cheadlek Another one will be coming later in the week ,  i won a Westlife DVD on trademe ,  one that i have been after!
Awaiting to watch lfctv @ 10am  liverpool vs newcastle game from yesterday!
@ai amzsta hehehehe oh i love the Pyourate ENglish sooo much
man . . . .i am at a loss for words . . . .looks like i ama get an unexpected graduation gift . . . .in a good way
@soyouravghosh Dreams give rise to reality. When they said I wouldn ' t   walk ,  my dream was to fly! Dream ,  Believe ,  Achieve!
@QUEENKAK oh thank you thank you! Was hoping the video will be online
my sister said yayyy it is hannah HOEdown today  haaaa hannah is a hoe apparently hoe.
Star wars day! May the 4th be with you.
uploading a lot of photos . . .  priceless memories
Chilling out listning to Seal!!
@emjaystar haha thanks  yep definately a dream come true!  So excited the camera was shaking when i was taking a photo!
after 9 weeks it has finally rained - not quite enough yet but more seems to be coming  the garden is very happy about it.
ready to go to sleep . . .  it is too hot in my room ,  yey first ti ame sleeping in that huge bed  excited!
@ralfrottmann thank`s  . . .  See  ?   now I`m back on smiling
@tfollowers thanks 4 the folow
@jadeeisabel nah they were mine  @brydielonie had ones without fingers
@Pon_and_Zi Thanks! i am on my way now
i woke hi am up in the end. Got bored.
@petespencer Yeah , we say shite alot here. you say it as shiiite , rhyming with light
chill`N witH tHE BABEz
@CrystalJanee greaaat ,  do minee now pleaseeeeee
@jakeashley cheer up
Watching Bleach
is having a cuppa and chilling . . .  i lovebank holiday mondays
@kyleandjackieo what about your Body by Tom Novy or Voodoo Child by Rogue Traders. They are from 04/05. Good memories from these songs
@misskittymarie Same here - events + writing songs. But I just finished my TMNT vs MMPR song ,  so i am excited to record that on Wednesday
@missamanda yeah , i will take care of it tonight/tomorrow  just pay me on the night ,  easy
Happy Birthday tooo meeee . . .  Happy Birthday tooo meeee . . . 
i am really really excited  try this out guys!
Hope i am not coming down with piggy flu ,  eyes red. Neck no longer holds up heavy head. Ti ame for sleep.  Sogni D ' oro all!
At walmart playing hide and seek.
just left work. inventory was way easy  and I got to put in my highschool musical 3 cd! it was amazing. goodnight goodnight everyone 
Oh yeaah.  we  will still be bffs  aha @Sadie_marie.
is super happy at the new interest rate.  whoop whoop.
@lopezwilfred Yeah. Me too. Will lookout on your tweets too. Happy Tweeting
me 10 - 630 ,  andrew 8 - 4. No idea about the rest ,  I think it was Ben and Princeton which could be fun  lol i am going to be late
pool party at sherraton n brodi had  a blast! the friends made the evening bbqd at home with great conversation  funky n lifted day!!
@it ishazel wow five years  ?   Congrats
i am going home now. Have you seen my new twitter design  ?   Quite . . . heavenly is not it  ?  
@Ciaee Yessir ,  yessir ,  three cheeks full.
@samanthuh MISS YOU TOO! Yes ,  I will  i am usually free pag after dinner. Rarely dyouring the day. Basta text text
Nothing like home-made paranthas for breakfast
@vewe haha. Hope U have a Great Laugh as Laughter is the Best Medicine
@HellenBach Sounds like the very best sort of work then! Jenni seems lovely , so nice to hear that she is when meeting  ' in the flesh '  too!
I forgot I have lumpia and pancit in my fridge from last night! Yay
Hah! I saw the Wolverine last night ! ! !  Now I can die happy ,  well not yet though ,  got a few things to get done first ,  but was my MoY
@DonniesCupcake i bet they will be great bags! can not wait!
@zef  the car illusin is Kool
Monday morning  Lots to go out . .  just waiting for a mate to add a style to my table and i am set
@giogadi Hey Luis ,  thanks!  I have Flash and my prof is code to thank for that.   *  cough * 
@joyee0720 Thanks PP!
@danijelabaron good morning from Lincolnshire. I could use some exercise also
Someti ames after a long weekend ,  you just need good conversation. thanks bro
anyone drive a newish diesel car  ?   any advice on pros cons  ?   not interested in old diesel cars ,  need recent model experience ,  eg SUV
lees net op Twitter dat het #Happy Star Wars day is . . .  May the 4th be with you . . .  Sjeez wat slecht
Back in the office for a hectic week - but the weekend was awesome
@ralphp eagerly anticipating twitpics
@donatoclassic me too
Ok so this shower has been calling my name for about an hoyour I thinki will indulge  respond now while I allow Robin Thicke to serenade me
@ti amen Great idea
- it is ti ame for Kathleen to go to bed . . .  waaaaay past ti ame. do not  expect to hear from me before noon. lol  Have a BLESSED morning.
new supernatyoural tonight!
@FaithfulChosen So-so ,  thanks  i have  uploaded a new campaign vid ,  will post the link in a few mins. how are you doing ,  babe  ?    ?  
about to go to acting school  yayay
@peterjrday Thanks. Feel so happy 2 Make your Day a Great one. Enjoy it 2 the fullest N Have Fun Always
If anyone needs help with i amages ,  let me know and i will convo you the forum is link
@kevinriley Heh ,  thanks for that adorable plug   *  cough *  more info at: www.samstephens.com  *  cough *   *  cough * 
@MarieLuv ahh that would rock
Rachmaninoff makes me a happy panda.
@Mintyboi i can smack your head for you
http/tinyyourl.com/c4z6gn Wow . .  Wow . .  hope ,  i too get that sort of Guts in near futyoure
@AnGee10 @malennaa yess . . .  it is awesomee . .  and u can follow your love molly hahah . . .   now u can chat with us here!
@wortje The bag looks stylish. Congrats!
@ksidney wolverine was GREAT ! ! !   a must see
@kiki_miacherry morning kik enjoy your breakfast
@Steph_Atticus Thank you
on my way home from school  lol in my car and so tired!
 * yaaaawwwwnnnn *  thank to bank holiday . . .  let is see what today has prepared for us . . . 
THE best job in the world  yes it is in Australia  http/tinyyourl.com/clxl4l
Shopping ,  grandparents ,  dinner with the bf  woop
New Project is going incredibly well! and i am not tired today  I think we should get all Monday is off. Permanently.
big shout out to all my home girls you know who you are
11 days till county raly  i had 2 tak 3 from 14 it took me a while
is so excited for this summer . . .  Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton ,  Eagles of Death Metal ,  and ahhh the Dead Weather
has just finished recording the i amprovisation for the second instrument in the latest podcast and is happy. nearly mixing ti ame.
@_josh_thomas are you coming to sydney  ?  ! cool ,  where can i meet you  ?   id love to meet you ,  you are my favoyourite comedian
houstatlantavegas ,  sooner than later ,  nov. 18th ,  a night off ,  successful . over and over for the last 2837 hoyours - heavennn
Watched Coraline last night. It was really good. The ani amation was excellent and the creativity was inspirational.
Didn ' t get bitten by a rabies infested person last night  yay for me! Gonna scare Rachel with Quarantine tonight ,  this shall be fun
Now i have  got 3 new frens-frm Germany , Mexico n France  havin dinner 2gather 2nite.
will deplyourk too. buhbyeee  http/plyourk.com/p/rp3ir
Home from Disney . . . best ti ame in a long ti ame . . . howl at the moon tonight for GBA and then BHB Tuesday  oh drummer boy  niiight
// happy Star Wars Day everyone ,  May the 4th be with you
http/slingalink.com/eVicE1 my daughters kindergarden  !
@aussiemcflyfan i hope so  I KNOW WOO! haha 2 ti ames  it was exciting lol
@AmyatQ13 @borborigma I agree about the redesigned Q13 site! Looks great on computer  phone.
@DeepaPrabhu Thanks and thanks
new golf VI TSi 160HP is fast!
leave the pieces - the wreckers . . .  hmm
oh ,  it is @andremichelle  is birthday! happy birthday andre michelle
@sunrisesister yeah ,  so quick! And i am using the 5mm addi is I bought on Sat and it makes it even smoother
Happy Star Wars Day  May the foyourth be with you!
Hehe ,  @stereogum in @brooklynvegan sta se malce preve  ?   vivela v v  ?  erajnji Dark was the night koncert  No ,  ob takem lineupu . . . 
@i ameldalayoura it is a woodchipper  it is gonna top off the weekend just nicely
@bellothika  The flowers grow!!
Actually a great start to the day ,  hope it continues  getting my new american oversized bed in the evening!
Happy Star Wars Day!  . . .  May the 4th Be with You!
Going to have dinner. bbs
@tommcfly i am glad cos u wouldnt lose me as a fan anyway  i get to see you guys on satyourday evening at leicester  it better be good!
@Wildchickendew muhahaha you ' ve joined the tweet cult . . .  lol heya  btw twitterific is a good iphone app i use
is eating chocolate ready break
@mkasper22 Thank you
@PhilLHerold Thank you
YAHOO! volleyball ,  hiking ,  eating a fish eye ,  witnessing ,  sleeping on the beach ,  jumping rocks ,   hanging where Jyourassic Park was filmed!
@ElvisHsiao  The website i am developing - http/woo.sh lets you also share Videos ,  documents ,  maps and events - Later music too
@RobKardashian Hey fellow Trojan . . congrats on graduation.
@si amonri am off to the cheese counter I go! Thanks
@coconutfriend i should have shouldnt i ,  i am happy you enjoyed it cos i am thoughtful like that you see ,  and YAYA i hav 20 followers  woop
wheelchair fitting today for mall buzzing  Home Depot. Homebound just got REAL old  Goal: taxi yellow or electric RED!
Java Concyourrency in Practice is probably the best Java book i have  ever bought. There is a recipe in there for interrupting blocking IO ops
@uyaerdna thanks
study all day.  just finished my care plan.  hungry as hell!  i ama go treat myself with a byourrito ,  for a good days work
@LineHara Youuuu are an aaass  my aaass loooool
@chocolatesuze yes yes you should! Especially with wine and mushrooms!! Ummm I love mushies
@mariaandros guns and roses baby! yay!  was hopin you would blip.fm it
bali!! can wait for it
eating my tito is home made ice cream  yum!
@RobTSmith Good morning to you as well Rob ,  have a great day
humm . . .  I adore Mark #hoppusday  , so i am just going to throw it out there #hoppusday . . .  . . .  have a nice #hoppusday people!!
@MXYZ_ I do not  see how there could possibly be another choice.
@BreakfastNews ETS (Endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy) is an invaluable syourgical procedyoure
wants to welcome @melizadeleon: back to Plyourk again!  http/plyourk.com/p/rp5po
Packing gym bag. Off to the gym in a bit. Squee! i am my happiest whem i am on the go.
@charley_bum lol  *  30 minutes slow *  in a sec  i was just having fun tearing down old posters and putting up new ones
@rowsell will be following you tomorrow!!  sleep well
awesome lucky you
Welcome to everyone  Playerstation.it is now live on Twitter. www.playerstation.it
@pyoureelite Thankss  Someone sent me another text this morning saying happy birthday ,  was from that number I told you about last night LOL
@cheergod2002 yeah I can tell ha ha.
Home Sweet home 3  Going to see Hannah Montana The Movie AGAIN today 3 DDD
@Appledoe Mmmm ,  I had honey mustard chicken w/ rice  veges
@Jasonalbi Oh yea ,  my pain went down a little bit from laughing so hard which was good and nice for once.
Monday blues  ?   Not today ,  not for me.
@texasjackflash thnx 4 the follow
@4_idiots hahaha! I do not  work in a strip club you know  alrighty mister ,  have YOU done any public may dancing today  ?  
Great long-weekend so far   Going for a run now - no Judo tonight  Then off to Blue Water for some Retail Therapy
@RealLadyGaga hey.just putting it out there . .  you should come to townsville next year . . elton john came in  ' 06 n loved it. it was great ! ! ! 
learning to play sweet child of mine on guitar.  yays.
@WKJThD You are very much welcome
@tracey1972 Morning babe!  I plan on overdoing it today! lol Hope you do rest  put your feet upx
lol si ampsons S20E19: first day at your new school ,  so lisa: have fun!   and bart:  do not !
http/twitpic.com/4jaw9 it is the frog who is been attacking Chelsey . . LOL! Funny
@khriskhaos aww preciate the loves hunnie
Bom dia! Good Morning! Guten Morgen! I am retyourning to Twitter!
now we are also on twitter  follow us to know the latest!
@tom_howarth hehehehe I will keep silent now
Dump your worries in the Stress Fire. Fun and profoundly freeing  http/budyourl.com/c765
@onlyhis2109 i can not wait to see!
Talking to my best mate and my boyfriend on msn
@xranarawr haha i told you ,  it is not i amportant
@dduane  *  waves back *  Have a good day
i finally found the perfect matte lcd cleaner!! i-nix screen cleaner ftw!
@cottonandcloud Moooorning! Fancy a coffee  ?  
@rosehwang Good Evening Rose  . . . 
it is @andreamichellef is birthday today ,  wish her a good one assholes! Sleepyti ame
@MrFloydNL  thankyou very much ,  you rock!
Down in Wellington for the Monet Exhibition. Casually just bumped into Wayne Brady in oyour hotel lobby!!  Mega exciting ! ! ! 
@besz Well ,  good luck then.
@fanboy_uk Yeah ,  but it is Myst!
@Cadistra Ah brilliant! Thanks a bunch
@MicaR yup it gets better again after S4
to @WebAni ame and @tbaggins1 ,  thanks for following me.
@peternomad Thanks! I know.
@LEGmin http/twitpic.com/4jaz5 - Cool . . .  luv it
@audreythebaby gandang mac un ah! for syoure ,  if it is out in the market mas mahal pa sya sa macbook pro. ang cool ng concept!
I am now eating one of those big subway cookies with a glass of warm milk. YUM
Has had a really good bank hoilday
@Broooooke_ kk is  have fun eating lol ,  remember shaun loves you haha
watching JONAS for nick is beautiful voice to put me to sleep
@Brokenromantic haha malamang as one of my chef.
@TferThomas Thank you!
@clumsy_steph yeah school sucks totally. yea you can be so grateful that you got a better place  man i cant tell you how excited i am hul
just got Home from school!  it was fun ) oh btw it is a music school.
@kayles yessss it does! YAY! told you it was awesome
@LiesX xD send it!
@juicebox07 i know how annoying that can be!  but theres a german saying ' pleasant anticipation is the greatest pleasyoure ' (own translation)
@ChrisKalydo Happy STAR WARS Day
relaxing fragrances are SOO IN! my latest loves are still lavender  chamomile--the basic ones  trying to find more flower scents . . 
all ti ame low mean so fucking much to me. i hope i get to see them in june. it would be so awesome. gaskarth is amazing
Weather is lovely ,  i am headed home via supermarket. Planning to spend some quality ti ame knitting tonight.
Good morning friends. Happy May Bank Holiday.
Happy #juddday everyone!
i have  got great expectations of tomorrow  it is gonna be awesome!!   ?   http/blip.fm/~5jf53
playing with @elgg on a cool new website . . .  hopefully ready very soon
@susieblackmon I know what appeals to you with knitting! Believe me I KNOW!
@cindeelean I wake up at 40 dyouring the week - and funny ,  Deathcab makes me think of you!  ( I use your calendar to track work hoyours)
@kenlee86 nice recoloyouring of your page  nobody is buying your anti-twittering words!! YOU LOVE IT ! ! ! !
@nienerenee hahaha niene your soo smart.! lmao i think that is who it is by . .   good lookin . .  whts up gyourlie  ?    ?   i come home this weekend.!
@joolzgirl oh no! u must get 1 ! ! ! lol mum still isnt convinced ,  and we have 3
@leeprovoost Thanks for the tip! it is oyour Company laptops so was ai aming for another solution actually . . . 
Ha ha 1 point for the men
@keza34 sounds like my kinda day
@rafikakikukeko of couuuyourse fika i will pray thes best for you then.
@wiseleo  i got named - and since you recco so few peeps I felt pretty honored . . .  I gotta talk to you about blowin '  up my ego like that
updating my resume
@joyourno_at_work agree totally ,  think though if we can take a point off Everton and Liverpool beat Man City we are happy days
@hannibals Great news! we got it by the balls
everybody is awake (well not everybody ,  u know what i mean. ma friends) haha ,  and i am having fun Ai aming them
i have  just about made it all the way round the park jogging. Quite pleased for my 6th outing
@uhandbag I will  I enjoyed doing the peg bags ,  i have  adapted the design for a tote bag  Bit cuter than I normally do
@introversi amonDu sounds good.  and yeah ,  I tyourn 21 tomorrow soi will definitely be partying.
@annalisaceccato hey thanks mate your cool coz you watched it . . . 
woke up ,  now having breakfast and online ,  as every morning (except holidays and weekends) ,  haha. then bath and school!
@Samiyusuf : Sir ! Everything Will Be Great InShaa ' Allah
@davorkapozgan CongratulationS. Great funky site! U did it waaw
@HulantheHoly morning
@b_luca LOL!  i am glad to see i am not the only one out there ! ! ! 
new phones just arrived in the office. not much else is gona get done today
had a great shot yesterday ,  editing pics now
@JennaMadison hehehehehe . . . .it play ti ame now cutie!  lol lol
@Cri amsonmuse i just saw this! i am freakin '  starving right now! i am thinking peanut butter fudge ice cream . . .  now steak ,  of coyourse!
well that rowing machine has paid off this week as i have  lost 3lbs this week
@betscrr finally a pic! cya in like 16 hrs haha
@TessMorris i am not worried -it is a great job!! Quite a nice way to spend the day
@rainstopper have a lok at EF too! they are jummy
We just hit 10000 views on myspace! Thanks everyone!
@khanserai Thank you  and hope you are having a great day
@Punisher5643 You Got Twitter Yayy x
@FabMissK we need to be quicker if we are to keep oyour nerd streetcred! haha
@sammythewizzy Oki! Great. All the best!
is happy that tiff can not drop BIO so she can suffer with me  nyayhahahah!
@taylorswift13 oh great!  hope you  will have a blast there! 
@amandapalmer He loved it ,  so Happy Birthday ! ! !    He said you sounded like a mixtyoure of John Lennon ,  Chrissie Hynde ,  and Janis Joplin.
@taylorswift13 Hey Tay!! Plz can u write hey elin to me  ?   i am sick and if u do it I feel better!
@Sazchik i am in Devon this weekend! Cloudy ,  but dry.
@septemberblues Thanks hun ,  it was great
@Sadie_marie better than Hudgens.  oh my god  oyour song came on on shuffle. What Would You Do - City High.
Hey ,  Good Morning guys!!
enjoying my new car
@lopezwilfred Yeah ,  of coyourse!
@stayingyoung I usually do if there is choice ,  but I am lucky in that most foods I love are generally very healthy (except ice cream!!).
can not wait to be at home again . .  let the sun shine and warm my frozen bones ,  please!
@work again thanks to my dear neighboor who also gave me coffee when I needed it. She is the best
@henrys_creek No worries - thank google! There is nothing you can not find on there!
@nickchien @chaubella_ i am glad to break my twitter virginity with you two.
i reckon i could live of yogyourt for a week if i had a good selection of flavors
@it isKanye tnx following ,  looking forward to tweet with you . . 
@CardineB teehee. it was a good show anyway
i am still up! Thank you all for praying  AHAHAHA! i am watching Britney: For the Record until school. Today should be a good day
@danslevin You are welcome and thanks for inviting us to talk. #48hoyoursnz is like becoming a parent. No one can really prepare you for it
@tomfelton http/twitpic.com/4jam0 - Oh it is so beautiful! i am happy you had a great ti ame! Heartz
Doing some test shooting later this afternoon.  Did I mention being in Holland for an indie wine festival this week  ?   My tongue is red.
@RubyRose1 you must love sydney more  dont leave us sydney kids 
http/dayna.dreamwidth.org for the daily random-ness
@lifeincyan are not randoms what it is about  ?   ! ! !   I LOVE that it is Star Wars day - I didn ' t realise and I can not believe it is almost over!
Sitting outside with my laptop  it is kinda nice
@framianne and aww and HEEE. nicely done ,  your weekend guest!  *  approves a lot * 
@Irish1974 it is Bank Holiday here so day off
Ouvindo The Wonders - All my only dreams ,  a melhor banda do mundo que nunca existiu. Pra comear bem o dia.
@MistressB Am happy to provide backup support for all myourderous rampages
Aww. i am glad that i am up at this obscenely late/early hoyour. Because I just found out that Forest Kline is engaged.
@jords_ good morning - you are up early! Feeling enthused to design your life  ?    thanks to manics for that phrase
@taylorswift13 oh my god ! Taylors in London! your near Scotland ,  please come visit Glasgow
@vickytcobra wooo what a fight  ! ! !  goooo Vicky  ,  i am with you
attics to eden out today !
good day
i am awake while others sleep
@pyourrsikat yeah thought it was awesome - glad to see some characters like Gambit brought back into the fold
Waking Up In Vegas is goooooooooooooooooooooooood
@zsafwan You are very much welcome
@Buchautor Hi Michael!  Wow ,  thanks for the kind words! Now I must find love connections for you just for your bg alone!
haha wow there is a song called  ' hit me on twitter '  lmao. okay good night
@drchino Yay! I too had some joy in that department
I be having a drink with Marc while Izzy is sleepin  woot woot!
Rockstar photographer shoot went great tonight. A little different than the usual stuff - very nice.
@kusuma06 aaa new follower! hiii
@jaezors my b day is on may 13 but my party is on this sat  come you gays
ready to go to Milan  see ya  will this evening . . 
done watching Slumdog Millionaire.  Great Movie!
Oooh! Apple are in the trending topics again! xD Yay apple!
@datadirt hahah  okay then thanks for this short explanation 
A very exciting week
@LittleFletcher happy #juddday ,  carrie
@Karen230683 good good!!
@baldy_za thanks man. I can not wait
@HellenBach good stuff ,  cant wait for the results
@jocalling hope oyour wishes come true someday.
regarde les tant attendues photographies
@sexy_pickle lol ,  thank you very much Hope you are having a great day!
yay ,  just got my stuff from rygegrej.dk  Perfect tastes like banana and apple
@Princess_DJ Xmas a week early  ?   Hehe ,  at least you didn ' t have to do any last min shopping
@tommcfly happy #juddday ,  tom
@andyclemmensen Heyy my teddy bear says i look very pretty and that Blake is to
@TheCharmQuark Hello! Happy bank holiday
@utterhip Well ,  just catching my little piece of it - but i am all for sharing
Happy National Star Wars day everyone!!
seriously. increasingly good nights. stoked on life! could not be happier  #goodnight
Oh before I forgot ,  Happy Star Wars Day! May the Foyourth be with you!
140 pages and i am done with eclipse!
Going into town later to get myself a birthday present.  An iPod Touch will do nicely I think
@sarahconquilla Many many thanks ! ! !   (it is about school!) Weeeee ! ! ! 
it is teddy chucking ti ame
MORNING ! ! !  Hope you all have a lovely holiday Monday whatever you are goin to be up to!
Guys ,  follow @ginoboi for the RX Twitterwar ! ! ! ! DD GO GINOOOO ! ! ! 
~ Happy Star Wars Day.every one ~   . . . may the foyourth be with you!
@TrudyMagnifique haha check out oyour site it is got some good ones too
Britt - had to do it she came all the way down to say  ' May the foyourth be with you '  - oyour work is done
giving myself a manicyoure + pedicyoure  ahhh how i have  missed you nice pretty nails . . . 
@hayfa You are welcome
back at Wingman after a great weekend
@MrsSprousex mee too it is looks amazeeeeeee
@MissxMarisa we had scones this afternoon!! they were great  we are gonna make cupcakes this week ,  on Wednesday!
@Zobi09 The cast of True Blood was there
@missjerilee welcome to twitter my friend
@botse that is a very cute pictyoure  . . .  but you do not  get fat from licking BBQs  . . .  he must have found some chops on someone else is  . . . 
The wedding could not have been more perfect
@an_other Excellent analogy
@MDyourbin not long till we go shopping dude ,  it is gunna be rather fun
@ukdavew bank holiday Mondays rock ,  particularly when they follow the kind of Sunday I just had
@carlocruuuz good! you joined the dark side hahahaha we have cookies!
@omarabid Hehehe  I didn ' t really know that! Well ,  use your blog or Twitter to suggest interesting topics for ppl to engage in
heading to Xtra-vision to get part 2 of Season 3 - CSI Miami baby ! ! ! 
@MikeEscamilla @tonyhawk  that was flippin '  sweet ,  dudes. thanks for sharing
So proud of cg ,  took 5 yrs in the making to get that number 1 spot  gnight twitter bugs . . . ti ame to read myself to sleep.
@Tizzik Thank you! I hope the same for you!
Good Morning! RETyourN TO WILLEN ISLAND - Spring has most definitely sprung  . . .  http/bit.ly/EyRtT  . . .  enjoy
She got it  ,  ohh baby she got it.SINGAPORE i am going to rock your city
Photo: Got my prints a few days ago ,  ready for the NorskArt exhibition  http/tumblr.com/xht1phgl3
oh happy day ! ! !  nice weather ,  smiling ,  happy baby and icecream later
@michaelmknight Good morning! Nothing in particular ,  meeting people and having drinks this evening  what are you doing with your Monday  ?  
@david_henrie http/twitpic.com/4jbsq - looks so good!!  i want one!!
@Allee1995 umm get ready ,  help my mum ,  give GJ his presents when he gets up (could be a while) ,  wait for people to arrive ,  then party
Happy Star Wars Day  May the foyourth be with you 
1 day to my Birthday !
Got my tattoo fixed today ,  and it didn ' t hyourt to much ,  thank god  can not wait to get the next one. $$$.
@SheridanPaige loool sheridan ive got swine flu but i am still coming into skl tomorrow same way  hehe
Days with cellstorms ,  I like it!
YAY! GO TAYLOR SWIFT!! come to australia again ! ! ! 
@GinJam it was an adventyoure to say the least. i have  been to nicer parts of Norf London but will stick with the south for today
@saraesse right on!  i am 29 myself . . .  i tyourn 30 in october. i think that pretty much makes us awesome
Just touched down in Changi. +1/2 hrs to kill before heading to Penang.  Must fly singapore air more often!
out for supper tonight with kyourumi in 10 minutes
@ComedyQueen Well . . .  you are not called comedyqueen for nowt - are you lol
@jpallis001 John - more present than ever- even online  #edumedia09
Tweetie v helpfully shrinks longer tweet. Brilliant.
Sittin at home ,  hellllllllsssssss yeah   Got the girrrrrl ,  the boysssss  2 mangy cats ,  this is a good ti ame in my life.  Goodnight twitter
The new view out of my window  http/twitpic.com/4jbx2
morning twit-friends! welcome to my new followers
Back in the saddle after foyour awesome days with @leeprovoost and the old gang  Will try and avoid a tweet flood after a long radio silence
BARA ,  BOOBS ,  CLOSETS ,  ADVENTyourE. AGGGHHHH ENOUGH! Muak mcm baby Gary ku sudah
@andrewbravener Happy Birthday!  What is better than getting birthday greetings from strangers  ?   Very little ,  that is what! (I kid!) 3
thanks steph . . . must keep me updated when it is your tyourn
@blondiepops oooh sounds yummy.  If you get a chance to take some pics  please add them to the website as we do not  have many pies on there
@LovestruckxO it is si ample for those who know how to use it hahaa ,  i am glad you are okay  x x x
@IlseDeLange An elephant  ?   LOL Try painting it from the back
@dhughesy safer to say that your cube is now a sphere  . . .  but roll with it buddy  . . .  it is an awesome ti ame  . . .  esp the 1st one
TAKE THAT ,  TAKE THAT ! ! ! ! IN your FACES ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !   Robbie won!
Lil cuz coming round today she 5  aww  haha
@LLCOOLDAVE yeah they r. i am going to their concert at the end of the month
I am now following @TherealWill - One of my favoyourite actors!
@spreadingjoy Hello there! Thankyou. I always seem to make a difference in  someone is life everyday.
Wow . . . VirtualPC screen does not go black anymore in Win7 RC! Also ,  there is no NVidia driver crashing . . . i am happy I did the upgrade
Done some positive affirmation now back to the Japanese yay for bank holiday Monday
off to the land of pillows and blankets . . .  mm ,  and the fan up on high . . .  and did I mention the blankets  ?   my favorite ti ame ever.
@OliviaPinupArt A big welcome to Twitterlandz grrl! Really wish I could have made it to the Bettie show ,   glad to hear it was a success
Jammin To Capital In My Garde 
A salute to Chapel Hill North Carolina. From SY   *     ?   http/blip.fm/~5jgj3
@lccsweetme haha that is way cool! Good morning
i am finally going to bed ,  everybody . .  whatever you are doing ,  BE BLESSED!
Is in starbucks
Just planted flovers in the school garden with my 3 yr old . . . VERY MUCKY but GREAT FUN
@Hannah_21Thanks , i will keep working on her   @RoshiKK lol good idea!
aha @Sadie_marie my brother is wallpaper on his phone is Dolly The Sheep  aha i am loling.
kinda done trying. ugh. oh well it was worth the effort.   long day tomorrow. night tweeters!
enjoying my Bank Holiday  Just had a meeting with the real estate agent who will offer oyour Amsterdam apartment for rent
just watched that  new T-mobile advert on Youtube . .  i love it  hey jude ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@Jason25329 yeah well a deadline is in T-9 hoyours ,  that is architectyoure for you ,  oh well . . .  mmm that coffee sounds like a good idea
@Dannyvan I googled engagement rings  this is the EXACT ring i want.it was the 1st result too   *  sigh *  love it.http/twyourl.nl/jaq5j4
exams. thennn some sexy ti ame.
@paceyy Yeah I know  Things would be so much easier that way. i am bored the boys are playing tekenen (I can not spell it)
Happy Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you!
@deanomarr Italy or greece for me  Love Italian men hehe 
I just got home.  i bought twiggies and a toothbrush that promises to make my teeth 60 % cleaner. - http/tweet.sg
@gozinepetter love the song and liked the movie
@TReiz I do. But still . . .  twitter.com/monicafrancesca to see Gino in drag ! ! !  @monicafrancesca and @ginoboi. this IS fun!
@megfrancesca really was the best night ever
@dannywood Good Morning! Hope that you enjoy your run  gym workout this morning. can not wait to hear some of your new songs.   3Pennie
@bobbiehouston haha that photo is too funny! I hope he was not distyourbed by passengers too much dyouring the flight
Joining twitter! Just added a random person
Happy Star Wars day
Hyourray! Summer-ti ame starts today ,  meaning I only have to work until 4 pm ,  instead of 4.30. Until August! Yay!
@aquapunk @_Mintyfresh Thanks very much!!
watched 17 again. sooo good!
a sunny day brights up the day!
ive spent a lazy day today finding some interesting people to follow  it is reinforced the saying . . .  it takes all sorts of people  . . . 
In London! Off to do the toyourist thing!
I just eat a reallyyy good ice cream!
@phoebealice_x when my brother is 18 ,  i will have moved!
Okayyy  you can read it to me cause theni will feel special haha.
@miafreedman you looked gorgeous last night! hope you had a HEAP of fun.
wow my weekend was pretty fucking epic  grr school tmrw ; ' (
@Doc_the_BigMan hey! Ive never caught enyone on live before!
From ME and no one else! Muhahahaaaa! Well maybe Jesse
@cetras lol ,  anyway ni shi wai guo ren
@bertgoethals Cool ,  I used to live 5 houses to the left of that place  Always something going on :p
is sipping OJ in the sun in San Pedro at La Soberana again ,  with sunny smiley Nita . . .   The garlic tomato paste is delicious! Yummy ! ! ! 
@_elj OK nice one ,  cheers boss.  Am liking the lack of FCS today.
@missdaisymusic is ben! got yourself a twitter ,  good work
Up ,  I slept in till 11.02  ! ! !  Shooting a new vid today
i am in the garden. Making pictyoures ,  weed an sweep. The weather is nice!! See you l8ter people!
cant wait for thyoursday!
@charavel nice! now gi ammeh some nice stuff
@Cocodemerusa Joined you on facebook!
@Mizz_Trouble my pleasyoure sweetie! Lookin forward 2 gettin 2 know u
I am back from my weekend getaway! Energized for another week ,  bring it on! lol
@DavidArchie Hey David ,  i am wondering if you received a letter that has a song in it  ?   From Malaysia  ?   please reply  and have a nice day!
happy bank holiday monday twitter! bath ti ame ,  spring clean ,  movie marathon  ,  lazy day
@themanwhofell compli ament taken. Thanks. Key is to be yourself
yay back at home
Hi Charlie ,  thank you for following me! Nice to know there is another Ollmann in the new world . . . 
Apparently it is #starwarsday
100 Followers  Bom Dia!!
Is getting more and more excited about thorpe park tomorrow
Happy Bank Holiday
@pattidigh we are all so proud of you! I am seriously thinking of joining you next year. Got to get training
Finally was blessed to see the MOON
OK. Happy Star Wars Day ,  everyone. As they say ,  May the 4th be with you
@PembsDave Hope you are having a relaxing day. I feel so laid back I can not stand up
Ti ame to snuggle up in bed with the electric blankie on
Nothing like 10P to kick-off the Bank Holiday ,  dig the haircut Luke! Next stop . . . Selfridges
@lollipop26 that was a really good interview to read ,  really enjoyed it  x
is listening to Sunlounger is music ,  waiting for the sun to set.
@christhesoul well does not that look fab ,  even if I do say so myself!
is such a good big cousin as shes taking her little cousin to see hannah montana the movie next weekend
Happy Star Wars Day  - May the Foyourth be with you
@fromlucy thank you dearie -- I just followed dome of them on there too!
@keza34 @ComedyQueen morning
do not  we all love bank holidays
Needs a yummy breakfast after her shift
Having a pj dayy . . . .Doesnt happen veryy often
@taylorswift13 WOOOOOOOOOO   are you coming to Nottingham at any point  ?    lovelovelove3
Came back from Bishopstorford! Went to my Aunt is wedding party by the way. It was fun! I got to see my cousins again after about 3 years
@Cyberwest thanks for that twitpic ,  syoure made me laugh
@BeMeaningful thanks for FF wink
@tomfelton http/twitpic.com/2dmtn - I saw this pic and it reminded me of you in Anna and the King . .  so cuuuute little fella
i am kind of excited to go to school today. i dont know why. hopefully it will be a good day
Pretty happy with how things have changed over the past 2 months . . . definitely for the best
Ideas gallore!!  Rock Opera FTW ! ! ! ! Yes tweets Kayleigh and I are writing a rock opera.  For more info email us: CoatAndKay@hotmail.com
FINALLY DONE WITH MY PROJECT !  now it is 3:12 am  haha goodnights ! 3
@Wookiesgirl I was thinking ,  I never see her tweet. Well ,  duh - if I do not  follow you ,  I can not! Now I can.
CAPONES island in 2 days ! ! !  my summer is just starting . . . 
We did it we did it oh yea yea yea no eating here tonite woo eating here tonight no no no eating here tonite you on a diet finding nemo
Already back from shopping and about to do a nice monday roast
@vileness now that is hilarious. I can i amagine their reactions.
@R1CC1 that is funny . . . well , i will say bye again b/c i am really THAT delirious . . . lol . . .  i worked 13 hrs i think . . . crazy . . . anyhoo bye lady!
@lisibo grace and skills of a newborn giraffe  is a great visual aid!    Fabulous language to use as an example for kids.  thank!
May the 4th be with me today as I round off the weekend with one more session - happy 4th y ' all from the Fintster
Welcome new followers also
@MiaMiaDC Good morning MiaMiaDC  My weekend was great and I just had my Monday ,  which was also great  I hope you have a wonderful day!
looking forward to Ben is baseball game tonight
@piyush_ranjan Did I ever mention what a nice and awesome dude you are  ?  
mint choc ice cream whilst studying . . . .now thats good
Good episode of Top Gear tonight.
With that said ,  i am out til later. Enjoy your day everyone!
@lapix Thanks Ennio
Caught on Google Street View http/twitzap.com/u/aw4 - A couple of good ones
i am wondering how big the rumored new  ' large screen '  Kindle will be - http/is.gd/wyFI -and when we can start seeing K12 textbooks on it
is feeling very happy despite the amount of work that i need to do today ! ! !  Happy ti ames
Namaste! Hooray for Monday! Undaunted by a 3am wakeup ,  I consider it is 9am in London and feel justified. Bright side to everything!
On my way home. I think i am over hi am
@guybatty Yes , it is beautiful and i am fortunate to live in the thick of it . . Very relaxing
@inkcircles Thank you!
@quinland    Lmao Yes it is on the 27th  I get so excited lol
@katoi awww ,  a very happy birthday to hi am
@nikkiwoods no problem! i think it is a great thing to reflect on.
gooodmorning people of earth!
@ckanal funny you should say . . . am filling it out as we speak  cheers!
@chromasia I saw your tweet minutes before going to lunch.  Decided to skip that today. Thanks for saving me the money  Speedy recovery!
@fallenstar_ I got 71! That is more than i am following . . .  I feel special now
@jjkraal Thanks! Fotoreportage coming soon
@Blondie_HK very funny
@fallenstar_ Oh ok then ,  i have  been there before for a wedding. It was heaps nice there. i am a big fan of Qld
Thanks everyone for twittering with me. Still a newbie . .  so if you have friends who you would like to invite here ,  please help a girl out
@DrRus @BruceBrownNC Good morning ,  gents!  How are ya today  ?  
hope this day will be nice as the sun that are upon us
Good Morning everyone!  Have a great Monday!  Thanks for following!
Just booked my tickets for London on thyoursday ,  i am so exicted
@Zokathepuppy heyyy! how are you todayy  ?  !
@Rupert_Grint About the dog thingy ,  an adorable golden retriever would be awesome !  Or a husky ,  too. x
Having fun  With my friend !
@kevmarmol Agree!
Right I now need breakfast. Let is see if I can make it while Tweeting  What am I thinking ,  i am a bloke ,  multitasking is out lol
@WhitneyEVE i love the new hairdo! haha ,  and i live in NY too ,  so yeah it was REALLY hott!
@marcooth GREAT!! i obviously should check twitter more often to know all the i amportant stuff thats going on
Oh snap . . .  kinda nuts right now . . .  @basedmagazine:  i have  told at least 27  Thanks babes.
made my pin hole camera todaaaaay. need to get some film now!  http/tinyyourl.com/cw8wp2
@krissy_tina @_adriii guys  i am literally going to sydney in the june/july hols. can we meet  ?   i wanna try one of those lindt cafes!
spending some quality ti ame with my fender tele deluxe . . . true love
@igortizz hahahahaha u look really good in your pictyoure
   ?     ?     ?     ?    ?     ?    ?      ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    ?   ,     ?     ?     ?     ?    ?     ?    ?      ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?   ,     ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?      ?    ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?      ?    ?   ,     ?     ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?    ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?   . . .  The magic of Rafi singing for Shammi Kapoor
what a beautiful morning ; it is ti ame to get up and enjoy the sun
Wearing my new Victoria is Secret slippers
@alancostello well . . . as long as you have trees  yeh definately need to go find one ,  maybe after the crutches tho! :p
May the 4th be with you
(@JMBuckett) Oh snap . . .  kinda nuts right now . . .  @basedmagazine:  i have  told at least 27  Thanks babes.
might start Spanish . . . any min now . . . nope just can not do it!
i am cyourrently enjoying NOT being at work this bank holiday  Frasier and Jeremy Kyle so far. Enjoy the extra day off Tweeters!
@avrilchan that is of coyourse ,  u do not  mind some old ppl as well
it is Happy Star Wars Day ,  LOL.  May the force be strong with you all.
Just been playing some pacman on the box . . .  . . a few achvs , taking my GS to exactly 47000 . . .  . . . nice
@col4man Thanks
Fight Club 10th anniversary re-enacting. Nice tattoos  http/i amg.suicidegirls.com/media/albums/6/57/13576/658166.jpg
@ciaoamalfi it is great when locals stop you to ask for directions ,  and even better when you know the answer
DH is just about finished making his giant Trio candy bar. Thank the heavens. His work mates are in for a treat tomorrow!
@emma_BMTH i also want to attend the tafe gig  I asked mum about soundwave and she was like ,  hmmm possibly. which probably means yes.
will be heading to baguio in a few hoyours.
@Loebette Hooray! your avatar is back! Wil go and put it in the Gardeners zone now
Rose Romance is released here on Thyoursday ,  gonna get me some BPs
Does anyone out there want to be REALLY awesome and buy me one of these for my birthday  ?   http/poprl.com/1vN0
and so another week begins. this one has got to be better than the last
@atbandre nice wedding ring ,  shiny!
@MissxMarisa haha ,  yeah I think it is a bit of both
@yohanik Hehe. Just found the Wikipedia page for the movie. And Last.fm confirms it. Thank you.  http/is.gd/iPrR
Finally X-Men Origins: Wolverine arrived ,  Ti ame to play the game like a mad man ,  And then it is ti ame for the review  /Patrick
@johnkeithhart Thanks ,  glad you agree wth my follow or not policy
Happy Star Wars Day  i am going to make some pasta get showered and dressed and then watch some films. I like days off. I have 3 days off
@TerrenceTaps Yeeeeah . . . I am so much better off ,  I think!
@wolfie_Rankin yep to you buddy  long ti ame no talk ,  hows things and i see your cat still like sinking fangs into your ankle lol
Great album . . lucky to have this on vinyl.    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jhtv
Oh oh! Going shopping with my best friend today! Yaay! Going to be so much fun  Need to get alot of new clothes . . 
http/twitpic.com/4jcwm - YES ,  my #ubook Lenovo T400 finally arrived!
@AceConcierge Glad you got there safe  saw your daughter.  Enjoy your ti ame there!
Exploring Twitter is world! me 2
May the 4th be with you! Hahahaha that  will neverrr get old
@lizscherer cheer up buttercup! Rain will go away and hearts always mend. I can actually bet $ on that!
carolina won ,  yeah
Happy star wars day everyone
@jaisey ALOHA Jaisey! i am so excited. Supernatyoural is back on oyour TV  TONIGHT ! ! !  it is a Jensen FEST tonite!
i am really excited! cant wait
is going to relax and chill out tonight  . . .  back to work tomorrow after a week off  . . .  least I had a fun ti ame with the girlfriend  . . . 
ooo how i love a bank holiday  x
Happy Star Wars Day!
@tamejhna I managed to find few places where you can combine fun ,  pleasyoure and savings but it took some planning though
@williambeekhuis hahahaha where is that train  ?   I want on! That should be a wild ride
i finished all my work!
short work week for me
Order Pizza from the Pizza Girl!  We have to sing about it!  I love that new song. so excited for the new song from JB PARANOID 4 days
oh my god  i meant @RealHughJackman 3 you are the perfect Wolverine , sir  hehe
@TheLonely Aww how sweet
thanks for the feedback everyone
I skip school way too often  i am rather proud actually.
He he  . . . Happy #star wars day! May the 4th be with you  Brilliant!!
Having a wonderful piece of cake for lunch - what else could I want   ?     ?     ?   
Well I am up and have been productive since 50am ! ! !  Woohoo busy day with lots to do!
@LCLayourenConrad can not wait to see it tonite!! should be hilarious
@shadowowns aww ,  3 why thank youu.
what is good about working a double  ?   . . . Jasmin
@ElePhatt  LOL thanks you ,   nice meeting you aswell ,  looking forward to oyour tweetversation
Good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;D and school now . . .  Hmm new shoes make it better  http/tinyyourl.com/dfggwj
@DReinhardt1 ooooh it is you lol I didn ' t know!! Have fun with your princess
@rosewindale it isyourely will dear . in posted a presentation on Swine flu yest and it got 500 downloads in just a day!!i feels great
@traceyctt I live for pain ,  bring it on
@osocash  Hi ,  thank for following  I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube ,  pls feel free to have a look www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
@rodney91 http/twitpic.com/4i3g6 - i love that game 
Thanks @Mosskat you little star! Have been offered to come to JA for a weekender but dunno if I can afford to go. Looking into it now . . . 
@irontec Thanks for the support
@ShashiTharoor i hope such moments inspire you on your political joyourney back home. all the best
Wow ,  it is so early. Just had the best conversation.
@supprintdesign oh i like that let me c
Lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn ' t matter
@jeffpulver Done some book signings in Manchester. Nice people up there. Enjoy the week.
@Clarrisani Thank you for approving my application at the TWA Forum ,  honey. Keep up the good work
@PaulHarriott Hahaha!! Tv is not really my thing anyway . . I more of a music girl
got an awesome hair cut todayyyy  it looks so hottt haha doing homework
@poeticblasphemy I see you finally got to set up your Avatar. Too Cool
@TheMakeupMuse i am definitely make-up challenged. So ,  cyourling lashes and  ' tined '  moistyouriser  ?   Does this tip come with a glossary  ?  
@zampeachie PANGE   ?     ?     ?    ! ! ! !! AHAHAHAHAHA. You two could meet up for drinks.
@donnyeffrien good to know PLN is Earthday does not only happen in my neck of the woods
@thebraysmommy thank! Hoping it is a good week.
@crazy_people syoure is
excited to jam + and auditions
@YousifMind good morning  3asa mo bs i amportant classes   ?   :p
get my wii fit in couple of hoyours!
woo just made this ,  follow me
@CyberSleeper Awww man that does suck big ti ame  But look at it this way ,  it gives you something to look forward too ,  a nice long ride
Flickr pics Chester Zoo: danwtmoon posted a photo:   WELCOME to Chester Zoo by Jockey  http/tinyyourl.com/cq7qw8
In the arts having coffee and cake
Digging the ideas behind railsbridge (http/railsbridge.org/)
WOOOOO!! Twitterberry is working again!! Good morning everyone
off to get ready for school. have an absolute wonderful day!
Happy Star Wars Day
Happy Star Wars Day ! ! !  May The 4th Be With You!
@Darke_Ascension Hope it is a great one for ya  http/myloc.me/tvD
@happy_pills we have a punching bag here! but ive never touched it ,  covered with my brother is sweat . .  but u can use it if u want! hehe
Good morning!  Just took the longest shower ive ever taken in my life. Like 45 to 50 min shower!! Woah. lol
your saaaaafe with mee(8) fucking epic ti ames again last night  old friends and new friendships ,  good way to kick off this month!
yeaaaah tangerang in vacation
@Ddubs_Ky_Monkey Hope u have an amazing day today Monkey! U deserve it!  No cheating on DEW  looking at THE PICTyourE! lol Happy Bday! 3
coach says have come along way ,  faster that alot of people  oh yeah whos the man. ohh very sore
starting off my day with a little Northern Light
How I met your mother and Scrubs in role! YEAH! Cause i am FLY!
@yourbalcloud hahaha! i have a secret door to the real batcave
@Mollieandme Hello ,  you are sooo awesome!! Dont ever stop what your doing haha ,  You make me fall off my chair laughing  x
unpacking my new toy arrived in the studio right now  it is called TC Finalizer. can not wait to check how it sounds  ! ! ! 
@carmenparnos thanks so much for the belated #followfriday shout out #payingitforward
@RachaelPhillips wow!! you really are a pretty talented lady ,  most i ampressed
@joannaboothby freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezING nigga i am so excited to see you soooooooon ! ! !   lets go see 17 again AGAIN yehhaaaaaaa!
lol @ kalahari.net marketing - may the 4th be with you
@ borgellaj  you know what  ?   they are  your CATS
i have a feeling today is going to be amazing
Gonna head into the shower now . . .   Going to a friend is birthday party =]
@Joerup I think it  will be more like a casual attendance instead of a review ,  as there might not be another issue of felix by then.  Thanks.
@Rliversidge Great stuff ,  can not wait to hear it!
@Andph112 hope you enjoyed your holiday
@m3nny5 iye neh . . . kyourang tidyour kayaknya. pulang pagian deh hari ini tidyour langsung . . . haha. Thanks!
@jocelynseip Thank you - If you like please leave a comment and Subscribe!   Chicago another great musical.  Thanks for your support.
Looking forward to Cambridge on the weekend and shopping with Ilze
Score two days I get more food stamps good cause i want a safeway pizza
Good morning ! ! !  Who wants breakfast  ?    ?  
Going shopping  Then Sunday dinner ,  round two :p
yay sing it loud wed ,  fall out boy ,  all ti ame low and cobra starship on friday  WIN
http/twitpic.com/4jdkq - Got a new belt  it is a sheriff star
@FONEJACKER12009 haha I do not know how to work blip apart from the obvious! thanks for reblipping my song  have a nice dayx
@cassiewho haha no problem ,  it is fun is not it
i have  just realised - 400 FOLLOWERS! YAY! 
@OceanCity thank you.  we had a blast
@xoxoki ammie good morning
supernatyoural tonight  yay
Soon my new job starts  i am so happy!
School -.- i am arrange for the design of the blog to a friend! I think it is looks good  http/xoxoeternity.blogg.no/
@tobinharris brilliant! Best tool of the year
HAPPY STAR WARS DAY EVERYONE  any excuse for a few drinkies eh  ?  
waitin for dr dee . . .  had lunch with my beautiful lady  before that i was on the gym  . . .  ( yeah need to loose 10 more  )
GoodMorning. My Father is going balistic ,  and I would say more but I would rather not get beat ,  so Have a Good Day ,  and please text me
Off to a wedding!
Finally started Twittering . . .  got to keep up . . .  So downgrade from full coloyour ,  pictyoures etc. to si ample small sized text messages . . . 
@monicafrancesca congratulations! woootwoooo!  @ginoboi great game!  nakaka-hyper kayo!
Oh also today we must remember that it is Hoppusday. So happy Hoppusday  Yes I said it yesterday but it changed okay  ?  
Another HD - my lectyourer was gob smacked by how good oyour presentation was
@sweetemmax i love the cheesey ones ,  and the cool orignal ones   ,   ,   ,  skips i have when my brother has them got to try them u c haha
weather starting to be better  So just SHINE  *   * 
sitting on chloes little trike thingo it is a girraffe  ill most probobly get yelled at with in the next minute or so! ohhh well
is busy creating a new logo for my  site
@AmyyVee aww that was a really great blog  thanks for the mention  hi form the philippines :-h 
got alot of runnin around to do today to get this job app completed so they can have it on file . . .  so glad i got this job!!
@tranced1 yes mate ,  on Friday
@XLesseyX good and you cup cake
@YatPundit oooh OK. thought I was losing my MizMind
yeah! i am going to Makati Cinema Square with my dad later. haha!
My wish came true!  see u
@paulina1 Good Morning and Have a Great Day at work
:visiting my friendster and facebook
Brilliant weekend.  BRILLIANT I SAY!    In work now and actually working .
Ahh saved from mowing the lawn by the rain  Now I have plenty of ti ame to go kayaking. Blessed are the rain gods!!
home from the beach and only my feet are byourned. i am proud of myself and the sunscreen.
Congratulations to Manny Pacman Pacquiao! You ' ve made every Filipino proud of being a Filipino!
@Marge_Inovera Hi Jakki! Thanks for the hug - right back at ya
Soon we are going to look at a cabaret ,  it is going to be fun!
photo session + mother-daughters bonding session = happy me
Mexican! That is what i am craving
May the 4th be with you    Happy Star Wars Day  ! ! ! 
Some goodies bagged at the car boot including some very cute cross stitch birds for my craft room! The man selling was a sweetie
heading off to schoool. going to have a good day. i just knoww . . . 
http/twitpic.com/4jdtx - Springti ame is nice
@AndyTaylorSonic Yey! holiday Monday in Uk today  . . .  have a chilled day
@emzyjonas My favoyourite TV show when i was a kid was . .  Bananas In Pyjamas and Teletubbies.  lol Luckyy youuuu going to a JB concert! haha.
@cresh182 have fun ! bbq is good ! no matter where it is
@chelsea_anstee i hope! it is in expo! that would be amazing. i am trying so hard to make perfection so it is.
@vampirefreak101 Haha ^^ Thanks
Oh ,  and now Mondays also mean new American Dad!  So glad I watched that show ,  so funny ,  and it makes Mondays even better
whoa. that was some showering session
@ninaaacooperrr do not  not come in  i love you . . .  and it is your last week and you need to see me . . . . you are hot
@jeffparks naw . . . I  will keep you in. Tyourns out you have the odd nugget of wisdom.
Aparantly it is #starwarsday so enjoy  do not  quite know what your Kent to do but be happy anywho!
Went to see Priscilla Ahn last night ,  was amazin! so were the bands before her actually
@ingegoesbroadwa sounds like you are having a great ti ame
@ji ammymarsh617 awesome job last night!
3oh!3 on the radio  they were amazing yesterday.
@jrathbyourn Good mornin '  Jason! Ready for a fresh new week as well!
@Brrridgett I already know what happens on Supernatyoural.
the maccabees new album is a winner  , everybody should take a listen fact
Very tired! Dinner good ,  then chyourro is were good!
Oh yeah ,  Radio1 is SO playing Earth ,  Wind and Fire
@Stephkerchner heard through the grapevine that we might see you around today. Looking forward to meeting you.
is online shopping . . . fantastic
looking for new ideas for my blog
@WestEndActress it is well good!!
@antony Hahahahahahahahahah! That tickled me so much!
@miraaaaa hahaha. you should eat then!
@utterhip U r welcome pal  u truly deserve 2 be followed
@grentone If you have specific questions ,  let me know. Always good to have them when writing stuff. Well ,  I am off  Have fun!
may the 4th be with you! HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!
Sydney - Toyota - Landcruiser - 1996 - $10 , 000  - new ad received and will be posted on the HCC site soon
Yes we Can  make it  . . .  . . Obama
Good morning Tweepsland! Makin '  it a great Monday! Huge shout out to all my followers  . .  muah ,  muah! I appreciate you all
@santoscarmen that is a lot of mangoes . .  haha  baka naglilihi ka ahh  ?    ?   haha  joke lang carmen
is almost done with the third/chapter cover page ,  yay
had the best weekend
WANTED: New liver and kidney ,  glass of wine would be good toooo
@ccr_harris  There were way more than two! Ten hoyours of real-ale takes it out of you
seen loads of new photos and stuff of new moon and cant wait  lol (L) Taylor lautner lol   takes his shirt off 3 ti ames yum =] . . .  lol
@aulia alternate means of acquisition sounds sorta noble
@poyourpresheep lol. thanks babe!
gooooood morning
Hey David! Gone on the Eye yet  ?   it is my birthday ,  and you singing @ Ipswitch-best present ever! Have fun breakfast hunting!
@taylorswift13 We welcome you ,  Taylor ) Although it is raining / can not wait for your concert  x
finish some sketches und then go out an skate! Yeeeehaaa! got a new deck
this goes out to the one n only smirker   cheers dave!  aka jak  aka the best chest ever!   ?   http/blip.fm/~5jjcc
@trekkerguy Have already had a great day!  Enjoy your Weeties!
@HemalRadia Hello pal . . nice 2 c u today . . . have a gr8 week
skipping school w/ carleigh today ,  both of us barley got an hr of sleep last nite. i got a new bby kitten! shes all black
been playing UFC Unleashed 2009 demo ,  it is a i ampressive game ,  got the Apprentice on now ,  Lazy Monday
@ckjchambers I agree the G B Reef got my vote  #queensland
@TracyeDukes Good Morning and thanks for the Retweet
i am still pumped from the concert satyourday. 17/7/09 here i come
@Emily_Morden  . . be at richard is. if not theni will see you when you/we get back  good luck!
@dayv79 haha I just playing
@NakedSoap @dandineen lol yep syoure do . . .  although I must get out the house today  ! ! ! 
@rewebcoach So far (with the exception of the rain) ,  my morning is Great.  But I will not let it dampen my day
congratulations penjiiii  ! ! !  Are we calling hi am soulja boy or mcbaby lol
happy star wars day everyone  off to celebrate with the family . . .  ok we are not celebrating it but i am going round to the famo is . . . 
@annahasphyxiate re sore back and legs: well at least you had a good ti ame. epson salt works good usually.  DM me if need more help
@GreeGreece Thanks for the Gifford Lectyoures page
I had fun this summer
@frixionofficial it is a hott tuuneee , 
@mikefoong lol i like challenges  the more i ampossible the more i want to try!
  ?   Polly Scattergood is new single out today! Download the Please do not  Touch EP on iTunes ,  it is ace!  http/tr.i am/kpK8
@1sweetwhirl remember the guy who 1st #tweetbud you! ~ @yashved_2890  help hi am get 900 flwrs  make hi am smile!
Good morning  ready to start this week.
reviews done ,  30 new sentences ,  100+ iknow done wow on a role
i have  heard Basment Ja is new song Raindrops . . . that is fantastic ! ! !  and makes me dancing  i can not wait Fuji Rock Festival . . . 
Chillin with the rents ,  and looking at hilarious old photos. Well funny!
@mombloggersclub Good morning
Come join the fun as I through out the first pitch at the Legends game . . .  May 16th @ 7 pm!   http/tinyyourl.com/6nkpuz
@DickieA @chrisjlovell it is true!  @chrisjlovell have u downloaded the tweetdeck yet  ?   it is literally amazing x
@HaoranC Go for it!!
@amazondotjon http/twitpic.com/4j9cd - whoaaaaaaaaaaa RYAN ! ! ! ! i can see his smile from here
@Ashika_Sunshine  I figyoured that . . .  But I ended up taking my cousin to work in the Rain anyway . . .     But hit me up
Happy Star Wars Day
@Nextread I agree ,  keep it in Star Trek but make it commercially viable! C ' mon!
Is listening to P!nk tunage and trying to teach my cat to dance to it . . .  I think she is getting it we can be backing dancers by next toyour
@yuniphan Yay! Congratulations ,  oh newly minted graduate. You  will have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (PLyourAL) to celebrate!
@Monica2112 this is 5 hoyours late ,  but i never managaed to sleep properly. i think david tweeting me back earlier is the reason. ahaha
@DaveDuarte I can remember those Evidence Based Management lectyoures . . . definitely the best of EBM
Going to the gym early trying to get back in shape again. My husb got me a gift cert to swi am w/ Dolphins for my BD.  Need muscles!
@clumsyFA yeah! Love my Hawaiian outfit. We reused that for rugby 7 this year with @doublechin
Guinness got 2  ' new '  toys from mom and dads house.  Hooray for free stuff
@macmuso thank you very much ,  i am glad you like them!
@dandineen I am UCE ,  I did my PGCE there   went to Leicester for my main degree though  . . . 
@DjChino102Jamz  I just got through doing my work now I can take the whole day off ,  it is great being your own boss
I have been awarded my first ever credit card
Clive it is my birthday pat me  http/apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6386106
happy star wars day
oh my god  supernatyoural is on after good news week
Out for a walk in the cornish countryside ,  on the great British bank hol   http/bit.ly/AILUn  http/yfrog.com/6rwwtj
nice weather . . looks like it is going to rain here in # Delhi.
@treewatcher21 Ah veronica! it is a pleasyoure to meet you  i am stephen
@Pink congradts on your show  Even tho i wasnt there lol
it was a hard weekend. too much alcohol on these fuckin weinfest
@clara018 heyy lol we are talking on david archuleta site as well lol  your funy lol
i can be a good girl at school . .  today i was!! i did it!! yayy
we finally got oyour graduation gear today ,  i am so excited. can you believe it  ?   just 41 days left! aaah  and the sweater is so cozy
snowbear has finally come out . . . congrats che and warren
Happy Star Wars day!
I love when i have ti ame for starbucks
@hadoukenuk http/twitpic.com/4hsd2 - Weheyyyy   We give thanks for MIDI keyboards
Yum! Whole box of cookies for me
Today is going to be a good day!! On my way to work spending ti ame with Jesus
Reading a book instead of revising. Thinking about lunch. Heart rate is 56 bpm . . .  just in case you wanted to know
@TerriCook Good Evening Terri! Have missed you lately ,  hope life is being good to you. Have a wonderful evening !
30 year old Barbie dolls still can rock it . . . that girl was H-O-T!  and Ken ain ' t so bad either!  now those are memories!
Last week of class . . .  Well technically classes are over just have two exams  and summmmmerrrrr begins . . . yeahhhhhyaaaaaa
sorry @sanderschenk I misspelled twice already. i am notgiving you up ,  just have to run    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jjxr
On the bus to NYC   http/yfrog.com/08kaifj
@Danacea Happy Star Wars Day ! ! ! 
@DrMommy I have got my smile
Good Morning Campers! I got LOTS of sleep last night! Thank you! Thank you Ash! Thank You!
@tessneale i suppose this will be in the blog post ,  but could u email me who was there too
@gracepoltrack Why yes I DO!!   . . . Or rather ,  did. Just finished it! Starting Dead Like Me ,  lollll~
@tyourtleclansago thanx for the msg! glad u liked my singing!
Eating rice for breakfast. Yes.
@Mossyy Not a problem ,   Glad to!
ah what a lovely day for a bike ride and cake making   *  is rooting 4 those who are revising! *  do your best! X
@Pink your shows r amazin  keep it up ! x
@jeffsgrippen yeah it is great!! always something interesting going on
life is so good. and it will much greater on Thyoursday at 5pm!
@Pink can not wait to see you on December in Switzerland for a third rendez-vous  Great show ! You are just amazing   . . .  Enjoy in OZ
@breporter Thanks so much for following! The Muse has much gratitude and wishes you a magnificent  productive start to your day!
http/twitpic.com/4jerc view of Atlas Mountains ,  Morocco across the Strait is of Gibraltar ,  I took the other day from Eyouropa Point ,  Gib
@paulawhite yep ,   looking forward to it!
Woohoo . . this is the day/week the Lord has made! Just remembered we get to wear jeans  chanclas all week!
@FutyoureClassics Ben and Jerry . . . yummmmy ! ! ! 
@nicolemayouricio Aw how come your up so early  ?   love your youtube vids btw
@camillecakes I was nice!! I called you  lmao
i 3 my new pictyoure! it is so pretty with the reflecting sunlight on the leaves!
it is awsome . . .  when you know ,  that you know ,  that you know!
Hey there! it is a glorious morning! Monday is ani amation mode: ON!
i am eating a flake storm from hungry jacks. or as americans call it ,  byourger king
@yaseminx3 haha xD LMFAOO  yasemin ist sehr s  we rawk or what  ?   xD
@superficialgirl yeah the tomato paste and oil is traditional on a sandwich . .  eat it with some olives and maltese cheese  yum!
@paulbaan Hello Paul ,  nice to hear someone is listening  Some interesting thoughts from #Kaashoek #Unisys. Patel from Doculabs next !
home from work  good night with epic dudes and dudettes
@AdamCrooklyn good morning broham
@Sierrasnowboard under a week delivery to OZ ,  awesome product ,  awesome prices. The parcel today made my day
@walkaboutgroup Have fun guys! We are about 55 days behind you
@joaocalistro mine was good ,  wet but good
HAPPY B-DAY SHARON
@hot_music_news Thanks
Getting ready for my first real day of work in five months . . . words of encoyouragement are welcome
@Adam__Carter Good film
@Fluffdoodle Lol ,  triplet.  Haha i am so glad that morgan got the bag even if she didn ' t ride the ride
@youngandfoodish thank you  saw your comment on the chew aerobics ,  really tickled me
@Alyssa_Milano Good Morning Alyssa!! Hope u have a great wonderful day today   i am happy cuz today is my last day of classes!! Yay!!
rather excited about my hospital placement starting on monday. I get to give needles and take blood
@LiannaKnight: We can not wait to see you!   This week can not go fast enough!
Sitting at the Audi Jobyourg fashion week casting. So many lanky people in one place! Almost 100. Lol. Good luck to everyone 
yoga for school ,  what could be better  ?  
it is my birthday . . . .happy birthday to me ! ! ! !
Followed by the great Super Mazembe. One of the favorites around here    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jkbp
Good morning everyone i hope you all have a great day  even though  it is Monday keep on smiling
@tsarnick i am very passionate about my interests and go above and beyond  I mean ,  you ' ve followed The Wiggles ,  right  ?  
New word of the day: Whoore lyoure yes . . .  A new word for cologne. Thanks Mike Harding
So I got up ,  went outside planted a few flowers and watched a lee evans DVD. Who knew bank holidays were so fun
At school. with everyone before the first classs of the day  18 days.
i am off to Costco in a bit to print off more photos for my photobook
@mbbyourns That is great news
Happy Star Wars Day ! ! ! 
Radio:ACTIVE never gets old and never will  this is the 4th ti ame i have listened to the cd (it is on repeat) today ,  and still love it! =D
@TheOlifants  de wereld need more ppl like you! 
it is a Bank Holiday! . . . . If you are happy and you know it CLAP your HANDS!
@Ji amHunt That smile - the one in your avatar - is that a permanent condition  ?  
@30SECONDSTOMARS it is NO voting vs anything - si ample but true: yr  *  Stronger *  cover is the BEST - w/o me  *  looking through pink glasses * !
@Sarahhlouisee thankyou  how is your night  ?  
@NewYorkChica I understood you pre-coffee tweet  i am good
@filce Haha I know ,  I cant handle the fame!  and thank you!
Happy monday  up and about going to tavares today. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
@hannbob http/twitpic.com/4jf46 - hehe cute pose there
@MODOFLY  oh my god  lol!  this is fun ,  tnx 4 posting this
http/twitpic.com/4jfa8 - my new baby cousin ,  Olivia. 8 pounds ,  19 inches. perfectly adorable.
I just had a lovely lunch of cyourried rice and mussels with baby octopus - yum
@skinnylaminx saw a whole lot of your stuff at Africa Joy Casterbridge Farm ,  White River in Mpumalanga.was quite thrilled to see your stuff
@phil1612 download iEmoticons from the AppStore. 0 , 79. But cool
Oh my Gosh , so close to finishing my song! I can not wait!
@SirLP  it is just because it is May the 4th.   May The Force be with you  etc.  You ' ve got to know your Star Wars to really appreciate
can not help to look at my Twitter page and drool all over my custom bg: http/twitter.com/galvao
Nothing like Charley Biggs Chicken @ 7:53AM
Happy #juddday everybody!
Good morning world.
@apattys  . . .  Yes.  That is what I said.
first compree over  . .  completed the exam in 2 hrs instead of the alloted 3
@bigeyedfishie it was AMAZING ! ! !  Had the best ti ame  hope you had a good weekend too.
@shortyyyy It was only $8.00 for the cyourtain and the two rugs  it makes bathing exciting hahaha!
excited about CWPM tomorrow . .  only one member is going but still  ,  it is a good start
hello thereeeeeee
@thriftymommy - I enjoyed seeing EVERYONE that presented on Satyourday at the Clark Howard event - Especially the 3 pre-clark speakers
Just got to school. Goin to Cinncinatti Wednesday!
i am so pumped for the day!
@ChristineRabel ha ha syourprisingly well considering!! Having a good ti ame in the sun up in the mountains
Good Morning Everyone. !.!. Ti ame for work
@F1_lou hahah hopefully!  enjoy your day
@babygirlparis hope you have a great weekend , Paris
Been helping ex-student with Uni assignment via Skype  . . .  gotta love a connected world. Now sudying  ' game design ' . Even better.
Good Morning . . . hoping to throw back some coffee like right now!
Hoisin duck pizza ,  salt and pepper pizza and gelato for dinner with Edmund and Jade. Good ti ames!
@williamfdevault i have  sent a twitter invite to poet friends ,  i am hoping they will come poetize ,  would love 2 see more poets here  #poets
@JustinBazan Maybe because you got in 4 hoyours ago from an awesome night  ?   Nah ,  that can not be it.
@whatswithinu i am very much in tune with your words today. Thanks.
@pleasebemine australia gets may 4th off! enjoy it
Hey everybody!  hah this day is cool! just got back from walk with the dog . . .  @klaudialorincz oh my god osh! Send me the link again please!
@goldenboyluke  be syoure to go by my blog today    -  and check out your friends - I bet you have some new ones today!
@msstacy13 Well ,  thanks for thinking of me! And if you ever do get the scratch for one ,  well ,  i am right here!
@MrMarketingMan Thanks for the movie review!
@AprilAMiller it is 50 in the evening ,  sunset ti ame
Just checked email and got a follower withb same name as me living in Oz. Welcome on board my alrer ego @changa13
Oyour Christian mobile directory is running! Just a month old  Visit http/tiny.cc/caribdir
Me and the calculator made lots of little algebra babies today
back from school  daily show was amazing  gonna watch it again later i think xD
@AlyceMadden why arent u famous already  ?   lol you have a very adoring fan ,  that fan would do anything for you hehehe ,  i am you no.1 fan
@joycsc - THANKS ! My motivation is retyourning at about the rate i am inputting coffee  !
@gay_emo_zac and a good morning from france to my zaccie
@petecooper Happy anniversary to you and @fluffymuppet! Hoping for many ,  many more. All the best from all of us
is off to work  . . .  still recovering from an amazing and beautiful weekend. Have I mentioned how incredible my friends are  ?    ?  
installed the iNav iBlue v2 Theme . . . gives a fresh feel    http/twitpic.com/4jfg4
@mikedignammusic coool thanks a lot x
@Lathams they do indeed  glad to hear everything is good with you. i am great  life is good
Morning all! Have a GREAT DAY! Off to school I go
@torenheksje Thanks for the Retweet!
i am done.haha. HOUSE MD marathon ulet
@leifreak8 Hi Miss.  Isabelle here. 
Off to England dyouring the summer holidays this year . . .  yay!
it is Raining!
thankful for the rain for oyour garden! The kids and I are starting on oyour gardening lapbook (thanks Heidi  http/www.lapbooklessons.com/
@katherine_kelly PJ days are the best days
@BrunnaXO do not  be worried! i am safe and sound!  3 you!
Good morning! it is going to be a kick-butt day!
morning sunshiines
@Dayteed cool! Linux  ?  
Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you all x
@thereisaseason it is fun to see that gli ampse of your life
@CBmagazine thanks for the reminder. Hope all have a great ti ame
coffee. gym. studio.  story. of. my. life. these. days.     so grateful.
@taylorswift13 I created my account just to get a chance to chat with you  I ADMIRE YOU! you are amazing! you inspire me to write  3
Dear Daniel ,  good news from Nintendo! They want you as a potential Lotchecktester! Hoffentlich wirds was mit der Stelle
First Day at the new job! Yeah!
@ddlovato i wish i was there! but i live in holland ): but i am going to see you in paris
Happy Monday!  Lots of little things to do today!  Tried to water plants out front very early in jammies! Got caught by two neighbors!!
Well not JUST making dinner making dinner with WET HAIR!
Satyourday is Partytiii ame
Dinner with Ali tonight celebrating her first day at the new job ,  will be near Trader Joe is ,  might just have to stop in
oh yes! Level 40
@tommcfly I just read online the article you mentioned . . meh.  I am very happy to be stuck on you and the guys--just try and get rid of me
starting the video editing of the first spanking movie we did with Mina  . . .  it will be added to the next update
Good morning  hope u all have a great day
can not wait 2 hand in work tomorrow then i am practically finished for the year  yay ! ! !  ! ! ! !
@gorgeousgg yup!! even though it is a lil rainy out lol hope ya have a good day
@rissiapriyahita @zanidia @clarixa thanks udah di follow
@powerseller thanks
@sengming whoa steady there mate do not  fall down
Thanks so much for following me here too  I will keep you all up to date as much as possible on my makeup line plus all new collections
good morning twiggas and twitches  http/bbltwt.com/sciif getcha motivation on
@shanellelee OOooOO -- no ,  I have not! Glad to hear it was incredible ,  though! I still have it bookmarked to try someti ame
@FakerParis A little tired but gland it is bank holiday here so i can have a lie in
@FatDaddySweets YAY! Busy is good
@Dreaming_awake GOOD MIDDAY.
pictyoure to byourn - taylor swift!    great song!
@kariannanas hahaha ,  I was busy ,  now I see what I replied to you! Yes that is true
14:14  . .  someone is thinking of me  good luck to lynny and her tattoo 
Bank holiday in London! woohoo
Yes . . .  today is Star Wars Day!    May the 4th be with you!
@Frozen2theSword YAY! Hope your day at work is wonderful ,  Sis! We have a Bank Holiday in England today so everyone is off work
 ,  . .  oh the Mint Lounge  . . . AWESOME night
afternoon. have the first rehearsal with this (extremely talented) singer-songwriter today. wish me luck
Day 8 of the 30 Day Shred and Day 5 of Special K Challenge . . .  I feel fantastic.
@catephoenix i am thinking you deserve an award. A big shiny one.
@wanderinghope hehe ,  thanks! that had everyone in my class laughing too.
Missing my husband ,  but it was nice to wake up in my parents '  house. The dogs are ecstatic
@mumphlett  a good girl nevah tells hahahahaha! hope you had a good weekend
bought my dress yesterday!!  Only 12 more days til Chris is home. So excited! Gavin has his first tooth
@CharlieCyourve Wait - cool AND a sliding door  ?   That is an oxymoron.
Employee orientation for serco  yayy . .  i am excited/nervous ! ! ! ! Wish me luck!
@Irish1974 Yeah ,  it is good.  Just startled me.
@buckhollywood HEY BUCK ! ! ! !  love u loads!! LOVE WHAT THE BUCK  ?  !
@Holly2305 LOL Me too. Going out at 12am is not as easy as it used to be
alhamdulilah. i got accepted into nafa
@ncteacher77  I appreciate you
girl talk is awesome
@gulpanag congratulations i am heart hacker not a computer hacker@
@IngridHolliday good morning
Goooooodmorning
it is ti ame for school ,  y ' all !1!! HAPPY STARWARS DAY
@DougPreston Well now i am gonna be on a mission to find their music
@skingirl69 yeah ,  i am so excited.
brought some new glass for my camera
goooooood morning!
says good evening  http/plyourk.com/p/rqh8l
@luigiiiiii whatever i know you like it.  HAHAHHAH!
Birthday girl in the house!! Tweet tweet suckas
Twittering while my hair dries - just washed it in Macadamia and Orange Shampoo - smells gorgeous
Yay ,  I won at the @Jumeau Bags #Giveaway from @InstantShift. And those bags are so pretty!! Or maybei will have a belt  ?   We  will see!
Hi CelebXVidsYH and AyBygW! Thanks for following
@wroe16 ohhhh excellent song . . hello my friend!
@Hyperopia feeling better now that it '  breakfast ti ame
@Zindaret http/www.thinkgeek.com/books/nonfiction/b322/ -- Get me one of those and maybe next ti ame
@ShoeGal007 oh okay ,  cool.
Off to the banks to get this thing rolling! Hooray for days off!
@kandeezie would love to see that!
@julienviet Propellerheads has been on my harddrive for a long while. Just got my music repo back in shape this WE and felt nostalgic
@keza34 cool ,  your too good to me you know
Saw Fiddler with Topol! The girls LOOOOVED it!  Next month . . .  Annie! 7th row!  *  can not wait *  Trip 2 the music store for Fiddler sheet music.
Happy #StarWarsDay. May the 4th be with you!  From everyone @dxs_paintball
Buenos Dias mundo de Twitter  eating b-fast and watching sex on fire video b4 I go to work !
@ferretprincess Hey Miss Jane! How are you  ?   How goes the film  ?   Hope all is good with you and your family
@MR_Bill2030 And good morning to you too.
gonna go 2 bed now ,  night tweeters   ,  dont think about me when you sleep  hahah nite all
Glad to be home.  Punched out late today.  I am very tired.  Thank goodness I am off tonight.  Will make syoure I do something fun today.
@theonlysv haha nuu  . .  soLo qoincideencia  . .  en seriooO
@kathibelle i am syoure he will  and if it is not today ,  maybe it will be tomorrow . . 
at school. Rusty just put Oh It Is Love on my ipod. awh
Good morning Monday . . .   I feel as though you came to visit too early . . .  But I am happy to see you none the less.
In bed eating chocolates after 2 super parties ,  yay  playing with the new camera - could I be an amazing photographer  ?  
is also very excited for the BLAZIN SQUAD revival!  i am rooting for  ' em-- their new song http/tinyyourl.com/dz7tms
@MandyyJirou  HELLOOOO  ! ! ! 
@Pink I`m looking forward too see and hear you in Norway!! Live fast!
After work . . . Hillcats game!   .25 cent hot dogs haha
it is gonna be a beautiful day!
I love those creditcard-sized memory sticks. And Microsoft keeps sending them to me
@NadavS Cant wait to do some of those things
NEW STRIPEY TOP DAY!
i am a 100 % Reagan con according to this quiz http/quizfarm.com/run.php/QuizRunner
One final down ,  two to go!
@BamaBlockhead No . .  $16 is a good price considering WHO you are going to see!    Right  ?  
Happy Star Wars day everyone! and Enjoy the holiday (UK)
Today in a Week ,  I am 18 . .  yiha
Had such a great weekend! Glad it is sunny out today
In Paris till friday!!
Good morning everyone!  Nice to see you today!  Hope you a wonderful and funny day!
@borgintraining I saw it and I liked it  Not bad 
@mortensax Will do - promise - thanks
Back in from LI 2hoyours ago n still made it to work  yay me
@charliestyr Hella worth it ,  even if you do not  need the full 32 now.
@layouraduhai ame i am doing great thank you
listening to some bands recommended to me by Sarrah  i really like the friday night boys 3
@grahamguy more coffee
spring pictyoures today  going to schoooool
i am yours - jason mraz . . . looking for an electric guitar  yay ! ! ! 1
Finish line for Team Alpha  ' Allstars '  . .  Was a great day and good to in the winning company team  http/twitpic.com/4jggm
@madonnacalling my fav CD
looking forward to the finale of the RACE next week! Missing my castle girls though . . .  Any and all Race fans welcome to watch chez moi . . . 
YEHEY SUMMER!!  so exciteeeddd . .  balme it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol.
@LovelyLu very nice . . . i cleared my head
Building the radio studio from which we are going to podcast from. it is for oyour foundation called the Insight Foundation
@twlux_e thanks for following me. Nice to meet you
My near daily exercise is starting to show results.
Finally ,  i am back online! I miss my lappy. So many things to follow up. Starting with Ning . . .  Haha.
@Wossy - Jonathan can  you get Priscilla Ahn or Raphael Saadiq on your show - they were fab on the Jools Holland show
@kitankhamun Pitty he wasnt arnd 2 huh! I wld have rlly wet myself! Otherwise the wedding was gr8!! Had a gd ti ame  lots of smiley faces!
@MasterSavage  cool ,  i saw it now in the link thanks
Good Morning everyone! Enjoy your day! Thinking of all my tweet friends
@taylorswift13 woah that is cool  just landed in London about 2 and1/2 hoyours ago.I LOVE the scenery ,  beautiful  , 
back to work on a beautiful sunny day
Yay! Made my first sale on RedBubble - that makes me so happy   http/bit.ly/1gyourq
@jomanlk I am trying my best to make my own luck
I just went to Metro Diner for the first ti ame. It was awesome.
@IamFakeBlood see u Next Satyourday With Mr @atrak
oh yes ,  happy star wars day.   May the foyourth be with you . . . 
@dannywood lol good morning!  Ran 4 milles  hit the gym  ?    Have a great day ! ! ! 
@xHayleeey they are finally getting ready i see on msn  ahaha  have fun fun fun
@tiffanyq swi amming and tanning was heaven! i blasted music while tanning and was in my own world.
@inlovewitharmy Hehehe. ) I`m nice
Sayin '  good morning to everybody in the Office . . .  Must say Good Morning to you too!    Greets from Charlotte ,  NC ,  USA.
Just a reminder to anyone @ulti amatepetshow ,  thepet.net awards for the most pet friendly businesses in the UK are being awarded at 3.15pm
@UncleRUSH Good morning to you. Hope you have a nice productive day
Looks like I got a new job
@DH_Photography Good Morning! Hope you have a great day!!
is enjoying a cup of chicken soup!
FRIENDS COMING TONIGHT! Hopefully the weather will stay nice
@lovelybookie_ yaaaay mish is following gab!
We * d Man On His Way     Yess!!    Ti ame 2 Wake Up 4 Real  lol
Good mornin twiggas.
Spanish . . .  The suckiest class ever. But i am learning atleast. Te quiero Tiasha!
@MOOVMNT Hey
@DonnieWahlberg In Toronto  waiting for YOU ! ! !  48 days to go!
@genehiga Congrats on the knottie man!
gonna get out in the sunshine
@dannywood Good morning Dan! it is my Bday and I plan on getting some exercise too today!!  Love ya!! See you in NYC ! ! ! 
@dannywood ran 5 miles ,  went to the gym  woke up your great kids . . . dependable Danny  hope it has been great already
is stoked for spring! Amazing wild foods! Natyoure is abundant~bless up ! ! ! 
Drink #2: And at 12:45pm when leaving the shops I had a Medium Light Coffee Frappuccino. Nom nom nom
Starting my morning ,  with coffee and the Early Show with Harry.  Home i amprovement . . . my fav. subject . . . dezign.
If I smile at you will you follow me please lol
@elle6503 Woo Hoo.!  I made it to one of your Favorites!  See . . .  Monday is Rock!!
@ikostar well ,  if Twitter was $1 a year ,  I think it would be a lot easier to monetize than at $30  Less need for differentiated pay/nopay.
asks thnx for gritiNg    take caRE Too  God BleSS http/plyourk.com/p/rqo76
got a rad new t-shirt from my aunt. Made from some cool shiny shiny pink material.
ordered my new shirt
@teri amoore  Congratulations . . . keep us posted on how things go!
@FionaKyle I thought it was pretty funny.
yay  . .  sherbert and chocolate  . . .  very nutritious
@madinalake can not wait to listen to Attics
Yes!! i has 100 minutes of Si ams 2 plus Seasons  ) fun fun expansions
Morning twitts heading home  had a great sleep over w. my bf Tennille!
@pythonism c is nice ,  but I wouldn ' t call it fun
@joepolitics Last night was awesome! Thanks for all the hard work you put into it! Off to get some coffee now . . . 
Working on your birthday is not so bad when you get to work with Ruby on Rails
Watching loudQUIETloud documentary about the ever awesome Pixies. Realised Joey Santiago and David Lovering are Twitterers. Fantastic
@Paula_Deen   looks like a delicious recipe ,  will try that tonite
@balmeras Weekend was quiet ,  just planning new websites. Today ,  research and choosing hats. Coffee hat sounds good though. Kettle on
watching supernatyoural!  how exciting.
@sugarreddrive thank 4 following  r y a band  ?   What kind of genre that y play  ?   Nice to meet all of y
Shopping with  beckyyy . Going to starbucks in a minute.
will maybe have my cell phone soon ! Yeah !
The sun is shining  Have a great day
@cindypon ComicCon  ?   That is cool!
@featyoureBlend Thanks for the intro. Great to meet u on twitter
The mission to Wales to find the worlds greatest welsh cake with @kendalloneill was a success - as none are better than my nan is
@MichaelSmith22 lol ,  wen my mum used to take me as a kid ,  i wud always eat the bread instead! haha.
Yay! Just bought American Dad Volume 4  also seen Australia is out on DVD. Could be a lot cheaper than going . . . 
http/twitpic.com/4jh4l - I picked out a watch !! Yey
@johnlegend  Thats charmingly funny
I like taking my dogs with me in the car when I run errands. They are always excited to go anywhere. like this morning to Krogers.
@soundeffect haha that is awesome ! ! !  Would be cool in a horror movie death scene  Maybe not cool . . . but amusingly ironic
@ShutterBugGeek Thank you
Humous and Dorito is . . .  Oh yes
Todays the day Twitterland . . . house closing begin at 11 and we should get to start moving in @ 3 into the new place.
Mondays are not so bad when they are this sunny  #fb
Good Morning Twitter Bugsssss 8:48am and my day starts nowwwww
May the 4th be with you  #starwarsday
@NattyKnit is I just KNEW you would get that!
wow. someone is proud of me.
@C64Takeaway that is a great remix of it. Double Wow!
@Chambers_ Hahaaaha
if you want info on #ecomonday check out http/tinyyourl.com/cpv32e  follow @ecomonday . it is like #followfriday but green! ( monday)
@3squares i will ! ! !  thanks
@elliottja ha! Apparently I talk with a posh accent according to the ppl I saw in the Shire last+dressed very feminely! Makes you chuckle
@SongzYuuup http/twitpic.com/4gemf - I can definitely appreciate this. The si ample things that make my day . . . 
@RyanSeacrest Same here - coffee is the lifeline to all things good
Going to the Star Trek premier tomorrow night ,  uber stoked. I do not  care if i am a nerd ,  Star Trek is amazecore!!
@margaretcho learn tw-headed boy by nutreal milk hotel
philosophy final today! thank you @sportygirlie08 it is 3 days now ! ! ! !
call me einstein. got math test results: A-  hell yesss
going  back to bed  for a  nap ,  i am starving  ! ! !  tty l
@sevenspoons I like mine green  Just somehow does not taste minty otherwise  . .  heh heh.
@spinallhead Bom dia ,  Utisson!
@David_N_Wilson C ' mon ,  I like the superpower explanation better! LOL
@ToffeeTFB It  *  was *  a great day.
@ginidietrich Weather reports of a week of upper 60s make me happy  Perfect running weather!
@sln25373 hahaha i was like  DOUGIE THATS HARSH ! ! !  are you happy he replied  ?  
@iseric ill buy you one
Last day of college today!
@kristyknox Sounds like fun . . .  I think  ?  ! LOL! I naughty ,  should be ironing and watching NK porn on youtube instead! LMAO!
just woke up . . busy busy busy 2day . . . bake bbyshower cupcakes and jays bday cake ,  bleach hair again  see my boo
@what_tha lol  congrats!
i am glad we did a good job
@DonMcAllister  Now I need to find the Keynote one! At least I know where to go! #ScreenCastsOnline
@SoulSistaNindy what did someone do  ?   and good morning
27 Followers  23 More . . . for Twitter Party ! ! ! !!
@butterflydii will be back on it later today ,  got plenty of gold ,  but willing to help you out ,  if you need anything at all
Getting ready to to to school
School . . .  haha well I hope Today is fun. I will post my regular updates dyouring the day. Follow Me and Stay Updated!
Hey @robluketic keep clear   (robluketic live  http/ustre.am/2w5v)
Looks like the sun is making a comeback in the midwest ! ! ! ! Happy Monday to me
@RX2904 Nice! You should submit that to failblog.org
@Vacant_Stained http/twitpic.com/4jhe5 - I LOVE it!  that is just so awesome
@dougiemcfly   god peppermint mochas frappachinos are amazing . . .   and addicting
this is my second to last biology and the first ti ame that i have ever been on ti ame. Haha.
@Madinafire Buying my copy today ,  so excited! Need to learn it for friday  Good luck in sheffield
@catatonickid @YogaChicky  @shiv379 Shiv ,  his place ,  slowly I hope
@rozarin whaa  ?    you really should.  2 and 3 are definitely optional ,  though.  I liked them ,  but i am also crazy.
Liking the Windows 7 Release Candidate so far . . .  (also liking my new video card and terabyte harddisk  )
@goofygeorge You are totally welcome to come hang out on my wiki  Do it ,  do it!
@peacePEACEout I totally did go! and he was AMAZING. He is is the reason I bought the tix. He only did 3 songs. But Blood Bank was 1.
Beautiful monday morning  so happy  http/myloc.me/tCt
Happy Star Wars day everyone
@abbyhangsi thanks gail  i amma try this one day! looks yummy! geezzz. after my siargao trip nlng pla. heheh.
@Elise_Smith they are very yummy ,  i am eating one too!  BAGELS!
JONAS is awesome! I just watched Groovy Movies  Frankie  ,   ,   was weird lol
I love knowledge. I love thinkin. Fressshman. Fressshman. pellericious math song
@dannywood glad u could check in with us today. keep in touch.
@PHILIPGRANGER Thanks for the follow! (raises hand) I am
is going to work an amazing charity event for big brothers big sisters. i do not  mind working if it is for a good cause
@macpowell i am AWAKE ,  AND HAPPY!
Such a beautiful morning
Good morning
Saw Xmen Origins on Sat! By far the BEST Xmen movie! AMAZING ! ! ! 
good morning. have to get ready to go to the hospital and get a cat scan. best wishes to you.
cALL mE wiErD ,  bUt I jUs LuV rAiNy DaYs! MaKeS mE feeL sO waRm  cOzY iNsIdE  LoL
@mwahihi Yes. Nag twitter. HAHA  Thanks. LM.
Got 5 new followers yesterday! Yay  Just need 11 more til 50
Today is check in day for week 12 of the Artist is Way! Hyourray ti ame to celebrate another good completed joyourney.
Today is Will is first baseball game!  GO BATS!
@DanielleBean peace  quiet.  Enjoy it while it lasts!
Good day all. Let is see what we can get accomplished today together.
Finally upgraded to Spotify premium - exceeded my threshold of awesomeness some ti ame ago. Now where is the iPhone app  remote @spotify  ?  
Good Monday to all. it is still wet outside but inside i am sunny  i am feeling a syourge of warmth and energy. This will be a good day!
@vbnavarro Love that song! Happy Monday
@thomassmith Yo Thomas! thanks for the follow  Social Media Director at Disney  ?   That is awesome! I would like to learn more! Lets do lunch
YAY!  A bright and shiny new week to play with
@TheFifthSister So happy you came and said hi! Twas very nice to meet you indeed  Thanks so much for coming over and talking to me
@elderwand oh i see   so what are you having today  ?    ?   hehe
@sweetemmax yeeh. i also have a thing for drummers  basically ,  all guys have 2 do is play an instrument or sing and i am all theirs :p
were you born in a barn  ?   would you like some hay  ?   8-)(8) youtube the mother song
@MikeyConner Hey I bought that Porter Cable 4-piece set.  My new drill has an LED light near the trigger.  Oh i am so happy.
Listening to olivia play!!  lol!
Starting my internship today ,  pretty excited!
Brooklyn ! ! !  We went hard ! ! !  Now back up top!! But 1st Hajji is . . . yea again  http/tinyyourl.com/codla7 http/ti . .  http/tinyyourl.com/cr8hjs
May the 4th be with you
jb are so cute!  lmfao -giggles-
Happy #starwarsday
cooked my own Lunch todayy  Givin '  my mum a relaxin '  dayy.
@DHughesy you should so host the next logies ,  i only laughed at your bit really
getting ready for summy yummy cocoa crispies
@DianneMR I like that!
@ukrainiac yea ,  I was just about to say something  it is great to hear! Ukrainian!
1st place at competition ,  and superior.
@Snuffel16 gl and say hi for me!
@it is_Claire LOL  I will buy u some big star wars pants 4 Xmas  ! ! ! 
it is raining cats and dogs here ,  in Mysore! Thankfully ,  no pigs/swines!
i am going to estonia!  woohoo!!
@azmomofmanyhats @rocknrod @gailelaine @sarahstanley  Good morning to you !  it is so pretty outside today
@HilzFuld haha this tripped me up once when I was talking to Harvard - I read it as an aussie automatically - came off as an idiot
#Happy Stars Wars day . . . Me is a JA-JA BINKS ha  A crappy day outside though ah well makes me have a bit more motivation to revise
@mynameismo Good Morning - here is hoping it is a good one for ya!
@TiernanDouieb Oh gosh I hope so. How fun!
Hey @robluketic wow cheers for the insight ppl  looks FUN oh i am just stunned . . it is AWEOMSE ! ! !    (robluketic live  http/ustre.am/2w5v)
@archiedineros Yup I stayed until the very very end  Exciting!
@batman1952 You know what  ?    That cowboy hat in your pic made me smile today (you do not  see many of those in Japan)
@OlorinLorien I know ,  snooker on though. @nicolaherbert and I ate huge fans
@RizzoTees LOL ,  point at yourself and laugh!
@frostedfroslass bahaha . . .  tax folder and phone books ,  they have such double meanings
whos going to see reemer on wednesdayy  me and kirsty are going (A) i am well exited  ! ! ! 
@dannisaywhat LOL kk i have  sent u a friend request
On oyour way to St. Martin ! ! !  Vacation for a week
@shanedawson haha yay We love you too Mr. Shane Dawson
@eric_andersen thank you Eric!  glad u appreciate that!
YAAAAY! I think I might have Aced my history test today!
@afiaa_afaya who  ?    ?    the_handsome_blue_beast  ?    ?   hhihihuahauu
The voice of Nemo tyourns 15 today. Thanks #NPR
@jerzicua I didn ' t say I met  *  all *  the awesomest people ,  just a bunch of them.
@ inthebattle it is really cute. One of my favorites.
@mrsgizara  we are at FOrt Belvoir ,  on base.  Hubs is stationed at the pentagon.  I cant wait for pug pups!!  I just looooove mine!
@MissEileen hahaha  Really ,  i am just trying to figyoure out the last ti ame he was on FB by looking at all of his friends pages
I hope everyone had a great weekend! I will be here on and off today as I have 2 i amportant meetings today
good morning  tis a rainy Monday morning . . . blahhh!
@shayMonkey i am comin wit u!!
is at school. it is her last day. of high school. ever. ever. ever.
thanks for the props
@geerlingguy http/tinyyourl.com/dlqo2p is a good one ,  nice
@gabyrosario Thanks for the shoutout
yEssss ! ! !  goT ma TwiN oN LoCK ! ! !   weLcomE tWiiN
@i ampaulgriffiths pauly wallly ! you made my life fucking happy as hell and i love you x3 you should reply back to me
I really want to be a star . . . Hope Flawless will work
@Kelly_StrayCat   haha ty
Heading off to Hollywood Studios today  Manta and Kraken were both awesome yesterday ,  feeling like doing a few more rides!!
getting ready to lay out by the pool . . . 
is gonna go yoga-ing with a jumbo cup of coffee ! ! ! !! Thinking about it is making her very happy!!
@robinmeyers Looks like you did the full Lincoln Marathon yesterday  ?   That is awesome ,  the HM was tough for me
yay for my very last class of the semester!
Morning everyone ! ! ! 
Good Morning Sunshines!
Good morming my sunshines! Have a beautiful day! Last day of classes for me!
Chick fil a on the morning of my final . . . that is a must!!   *  amj * 
Had a great weekend with John-back to work for 3 days then going to Illinois on Thyours  Fri for more Gigs with John
@easytouch lets go home
Staying home to work on a linoleum block carving for a project (due tomorrow). There will probably be pictyoures.
it is raining!! gng for rain dance
@lollipop26 great interview ,  your videos are my favorite on youtube
@Raehole @melissahope did you ladies see ghost of girlfriends past  ?   i really liked it!  would totally see it again if  u haven ' t
Good Morning people ! ! !  Have a great day
@jessejane looks to be a great morning already!
Got told I got a good chance at gettin the job  I am so so excited .oh my god ggg. When I come back I want too . . . 
Nope didn ' t get up at 730 930 is nice also
May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!  http/ow.ly/52Aw
Hey @robluketic it is back!!    (robluketic live  http/ustre.am/2w5v)
@Teifion Thanks ,  i am glad you liked it. it is a flower made of diamonds
going to the cinema to see ghost of girlfriends past!
I will stumble . .  I will fall down . . .  But I will not be moved  
@darrendoyle Oh I had lots put on my desk dyouring those years  I guess if they ' ve done it to you then it would be ok to do it back lol
Back from Sweden! It was great ,  hot and sunshine. Now i am walking around looking red  Back to the writing again!
@echoinghi am it was my pleasyoure playing guitar for you!  So fun
@froggie775i will be one of your groovy guys any ti ame ,  shortie short  #photofollows
@treasaint salad stuff ,  some chillis ,  whatever my horti mate gives me really ,  think it will be fun to do
is 500 words into a 10 minute speech on 80s teen movies. due wednesday. blah blah. can not wait for the glenn ball!
@Kitty4Peace how fun!  where is the twitpic! I had pyourple hair once . . . 
@shefinds Great job!
@sortingtrolley sorry missed your post earlier about Edinbyourgh.  I am biased towards it is awesomeness!  Glad you enjoyed your visit
@parjoy sounds like the muffler bearings are going bad
this weekend was a very relaxing one . .  i was at my cousin is place and watch a tv series Tru Calling really cool
@andysowards andy!! it is great this am. About to wall over to the first day of An Event Apart! So exciiiiiiiting.  How r u mate  ?  
All dressed now everything
@Sam_Ho Naw; it was before the 15 mins bug (where tanks would stop spawning after 15 mins)  i am glad I get to keep it
@TackStoreLady i am coming in today to get my other hat and my $5 credit!
had delicious pav + bhaaji + finely chopped onion + little dash of lemon  Yummy!
i am pondering lunch at Shane is. I think. I can already hear people whining about it . . . 
How I Met your Mother  ?   Best show ever
@lilrainbow89 hi thanks for following me. u doing much  ?   been a long ti ame since i last chatted to u
@my3boybarians Laughing at my ah ha moment. Off to get some coffee.
@miss_om If I should paint my fingernails green- oh and it just so happens I do paint them green . . .   Marvelous
Starbucks i am lovin '  it
and we have mega sunshine this morning ! ! ! 
@auflutterfly Thanks! I registered
@hotpants79 of coyourse i really hope that this would be his real twitter page! that would be soo cool
6th street was amazing this weekend ! ! !  The wedding was fantastic . .  but i am really really tired at work from the long eventful weekend
the new T-Mobile advert in Trafalger Square looks like a lot of fun  Except if there was a load of pigeons there too.
@lilazngangsta have a awesome day at school ! ! ! 
@cwong5 same to you bud. Kudos on your hardcore gym training ,  it is a great lifechanging experience ,  keep it up ! ! ! 
@RyanSeacrest have a god day 
Went outside and picked flowers with Marina! i love picking flowers haha
manang is back! had a great dinner!  super busog 
@PoisonIvy69 Fine thanks ,  not long now till Christmas . . . i am excited
Really  ?   I can only go in 1Direction at a ti ame  ?  ! UGh!  Gotta take authority over the ti ame 2day!  Say hello! do not  be a stranger! BeBlessed!
@sadknob right now if be happy to win a packet of salt n vinegar crisps  or a new exhaust as mine fell off on the A1 !
@EllenMalloy thanks for trying   I was hoping Bud Trillin ,  but the Fest would be honored by any of the guests with whom you hobnobbed.
lol good ti ames in the joyournalism back room . . . everyone else thinks we are weird now
@stephenfry hong kong is great for crazy English names. A friend works with a miss chewbacca leung
@gfalcone601 hmmm toughie! haha you are so alike to tom with all these questions 
can not wait to see Set your Goals at Leeds. Lots of website work to do today and it is not on my own
http/tinyyourl.com/c8nlzh - forgot how much I like this song
@mafeinberg At least you have a large vocabulary -- the benefit of being a writer   Hope you are well ,  sister.
@djnvs LoL! there u go . . that is the spirit haha
Going to IKEA with the roomie so she can shop for her apartment. IKEA is in like my top ten stores that I love
http/twitpic.com/4jj43 - Me and Ari
Watching Ryann!!  Gonna be a grand day ! ! ! 
@Dhanraj1974 good luck with you finals ! ! ! 
I got a raise and praise ! ! ! ! Great way to start Monday off
@absolutspacegrl I could feel the excitement in that tweet! i will be watching the launch on NASA tv! How I love my directv!  seriously.
[Aeroplanes - We Know ,  Plato!] One of my favorite WKP songs!    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jq91
Sooo readyyy for the summerr babyyyy ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@twitlonger Hi x your websites soo cool i love using it  Thank you
Star Trek in HD . . .  i am i ampressed . . .  Beam me up Spotty!
Todays goal: Tweet more @ work  i am off to a good start but havent left the house yet. Welcome new followers! I hope your not too bored yet
I need a break! I NEED KITKAT! haha!
it is monday. yayy . .  need to get my demi lovato tickets before they sell out!
http/twitpic.com/4jj4j - Birthday Breakfast! Yummm- chai  an apple fritter
Good morning everyone
@StaceysJustFab blackberry messenger rocks! it is basically i am-ing with other BB users that u add ,  so like your friends. Saves on texts
@Stevebrown87 Noo ,  good guys are better  x
@clyp1976 thanks!! I definitely will! The next season will be rainy and it comes in two month is ti ame!!
death cab for cutie and slouchy barets  it is a good way to start the day.
@CHRISDJMOYLES Get you lol what ti ame we eating id hate to be late
it is soupy-soup ti ame. Today: Heinz Cream of Chicken and Mushroom - yum! bbl
Gooood morning!
A new week = new legend to make.
@JAJMiami  Happy Monday!!  Hope you have a great week!
is excited to see SamanthaDenise again  http/plyourk.com/p/rr5id
@lopps_1999  ohh ,  that is so cute ,  fishing is so peaceful!  your daughter looks so focus in what she is doing
@mandydean thanks ,  Mandy!  What a good sister you are. @krikkert That may be true ,  but unfortunately my road tires can not say the same.
@senti amentalizzy Yeah ,  hope so. i am excited
I always get really excited when  isteal My Kisses '  by Ben Harper comes on the ipod . . . great song . . . love the beat-boxing in the beginning
@ComedyQueen LOL it is overcast but otherwise ok. i am tired but otherwise ok
@coollike http/twitpic.com/4jg09 - haha she looks a little like u charlie lol
It is certainly spring in Vail ,  Co.  It is raining and snowing!  does not mother natyoure know the mountain is closed for the ski season!
so it is been forever since i have  tweet ,  just wanted to say thaty I love bill! and I hope ya  will have an amazing week
@toddkashdan thanks Todd. Enjoyed reading your blog too - I had a little cheer for good old Alfred Wallace. Cyourious to read your book
just joined Twitter . . .      Hiya world!
is exhausted from a great weekend ,  and is looking forward to this week
Wolverine was much fun ,  but Gambit was a bit disappointing.  Neither smooth nor Cajun enough for my taste. Pretty though
oh my god  ! ! !  Is this the sun gli ampsing through the clouds  ?  ! Woohoo!
@yogadarla @Gypsy_Yogini @Rock_My_Soles @Lotuspad i am sooo jealous  in a good way of coyourse.  LC is awesome.
@PeterDowley  i have  seen inkheart- i liked it too
Beer ,  Smoki and Lucky Strike . . . good ti ames ,  good ti ames   At work . . . drawing stuff
I only have one day left in school  My 16th is approaching
@melindarice same here ,  as long as i get to watch it somewhere i am happy
Working ,  Listening to music , Testing out a new singer/guitarist tonight ,  let is hope for the best
@HiveMindMovie and Miss Fizzy Duck loves Hive Mind too
@junelover just email em to the email i gave u thanx awesome person
Taping at Cox then picking up starbucks for the office bc I am so nice
is excited about Taylor Swift on wednesday ! ! ! 
@lindsayrcg hehe ,  I can almost hear out of my right ear now  Can you yet  ?  
feeling so great!
@dejam88. Well gotdamn girl ! ! !  I dont know what else ! ! ! !  i am sleepy again! Grrr
Happy Star Wars day ! May the 4th be with you
Ti ame for school  i am feelin good . .  5 AM jogs do good. ~aloha
back to school! feels like it is gonna be a great day
I went to the World Education fair today. It was a whole different kind of circus.
@JesssEv me too dawg  thanks so much!
@sandsP Thanks for the FollowFriday suggestion!
Watching 1st Potter film with kids and eating their sweets  Grotty bank hol weather in Hoylake. Typical !
@EliteAffairs This was funny! I have 7.
@cubedweller What are we doin!!  ?    ?   Tell me! tell me!
@Jerrica_Perez That is great! I hopei will study with my bff too and we  will live together. well . . we will see
@extremejohn @FLallday @hyoursty810 Caladesi was definitely a nice peaceful way to spend a Sunday! I got a lil tan!
do not  follow your dreams; chase them.- Richard Dumb (who I think is very smart
@MrDDG classes. n bout to make sum breakfast . . 
@pchaganti concyour with http/tr.i am/kmVl ,  but people can not wait. do not  stop making VAS. When clouds become a commodity ,  do cross-cloud
i just successfully defeated the swine flue with the power of positive thinking!  #Swineflu #H1N1 #Swine Flu
@marieskizo Amazing! The concert ,  the city ,  everything. It was really an awesome trip
@RealHughJackman You were absolutely amazing in the Wolverine  you are sooo beautiful !! you are also such an amazing person ,  i look up to u
@VengeanceChrist hey girl i just sent ya a message on Myspace
@jay2busy I do now LOL.
Heather is awake now
@davechapman A new baby  ?   How exciting  Congrats in advance
@mcflyyerr yess ,  they came to amsterdam on the 18th of april  best night everr! have you  ?  
getting ready for the dayyyyyyyyyyyy. i hope work goes good!
Happy Star Wars day!!  unbelievable
HAPPY JUDDDAY
Ten min. on what i am doing to sti amulate biz.  18 % off sale ,  good customer service ,  awards ,  Breast cancer camp. ,  koozies ,  product variety
@barroca serio barroca  ?    ?   parabens ! ! !  ! ! ! ! May the 4th be with you!
Ive chosen Grease
Gettin ready to hit up the mall w/my mom  Jayden!  DO ALL THINGS W/FAITH ! ! ! !
@DavidArchie Shoping till you drop david . . haha . . enjoy your day
@svickn G ' morning! Good to know you are alive and well today!
Thank you all for proving my point
@evanmcbroom i am syoure Mayor Brainard will be thrilled to hear that you are a fan.
Liam peed in the potty!!
rosales is cool
He is so silly.  http/twitpic.com/4jk6b
Little girls and their shallowness annoy me. On the good side i didnt straighten my hair at all today and it looks some what decent
@solangeknowles i am going to the show in Amsterdam!  can not wait!
Little one is cast is taking a beating. It is starting to show some wear and tear and it has been on less than a week. She is too active!
Skipping school like all the cool kids do
Having so much fun! Haley is super-cute on the beach ,  she LOVES it! Millions of pics to come ,  of coyourse.
@JBCP Separate desks ,  computers ,  and sides of the room with short dividers . . . but ,  we are thinking we need them to extend to the ceiling
dance gavin dance/attack attack/a skylit drive tonight!  i am so exciteddddd
@Arizona_Abby Thank you. I will check that out
lmao . . . ummmm nothing . . . 
@Xlex Glad you are happy!
allo! twitterville! how is everyone doing this morning . . . hope everyone had a great weekend mine was pretty good! it is monday (blah)  ! ! ! !
Had lunch. Watching holes on bbc1.
@storrao Thank you  respects to oyour designer @luismvaz
at workyy ,  trying to get on point with all that I have to do  smile!! 3Lin-Man tonight!!
Hey Tweeps . . . good morning. Wussup America . . . Talk to me tell wut is on your mind . . 
bored. cold. tired. lethargic feeling. Man! great holiday monday!
done with the photo album  as i am a good person so i make it quite private for now. pity you ben haha
@shawn3k Whoo hoo Chuck! Although it is gloomy out ,  today is a much better day!
http/twitpic.com/4jkea - @edstetzer now has 10 , 000 followers! Congrats!
@annabranch You just let me know how that goes.
@hotpants79 In two months i will have something of the kinf of prom  and i am really excited! and you have notany contact to her  ?  
@Sweetnote Smooches to you as well ,  have a great day!
@DarenYeow Oh wow they are really good  I think i am going to use one of them lol.
it is the start of a new week with tons of new photos to take and edit  Yay!!
@mmyourray Hearing that my songs brighten someone is day always makes ME grin.
despite rain ,  having a fantastic day
@Isapersefone D Well ,  if you got that DVD then you should get those books too!
@gfalcone601 def cheese and onion  however after being back in the states for 4 months ,  finding a bag of saltvinegar . . . they tasted GREAT!
Had a Great weekend!! and is in such a good mood ,  she does not even mind being at work this morning!
@chrisfullman I would never do such a thing!  The only thing more awesomerer is the 15 minute walk to work
@ScaperSuse  hey! ,  which song was that  ?   I would like to listen to it
@daniamiwa Were you at the parade yesterday at Powderhorn  ?   Guessing Ava and Bella were si amilarly mesmerized by the whi amsical fairyness
Rest earlier is good for your health. So ,  I say good nite to you all!
@hi amynameisryan let me know how it goes babe  good luck!
Just had the best shower ever  Still completely deaf in one ear but kinda getting used to it now!! Gonna watch  ' the women '  now!
@boardopboy Pictyoure or it never happened.
Happy Monday ,  Twishers!!  Passing the coffee . . . 
@DutchReaganite Theni will need plenty of quizzes to get through the work day.
putting 3 new consultants to work this week. it is a good feeling!  congrats on your offers
waiting for amy so me ,  her and @reecerentboy can go see the hannah montanna movie ! ! ! 
happy! did crepe ,  again!
@CyoursedJezzy Thanks for the mascara input. it is appreciated.
Oh yeah the camera clipping problems with Void are now completely fixed  yay me for fiddling about
hmm i dont know what to do today . . . cause i am done with school . . . and it feel great
Morning workout sesh.  Love Life.
Happy morning Sunshine  it is May 4! i am driving with the windows down and singing and smiling and not wearing shoes because i am Kirsten!
@lilmoxey Yay for full-term!!
@ArielSatriani what did you do  ?  haha. just wash your feet and go to bed , mommas boy
@laermer yep - three things: a good haircut ,  the ability to listen and the value of not taking yourself too seriously
@sassyotaku enjoy NOLA definitely one of my favorite cities in the world. Please have a beignet with chocolate for me
@lilxklein i see you hannah klein!. lookin good today
@CoyourvidLove4Eva  FC is back dear.
added 30 minutes to morning sleep by cutting out useless Today Show. Feels nice
Yayz! Today is is the day I call and see if I got that job! x3 I ish so happy . . .  even though I slept horribly . . .  So i am kinda drained . . . 
Good morning ! Wishing everyone a great week
@PatriciaP1977 thanks for the follow
@IntriguingDs  . . .  same to you!
@dg4G ha! nice.    that is about all the german you are gonna get from me.  after that ,  it is just counting and jibberish.
Happy Star Wars Day to you all
had a thrilling ti ame with DAS joyride roadtrip! nice driving Pai and Paulo.  http/plyourk.com/p/rrg18
@AndreasHale yeah !!
Beautiful morning here in the mountains
Goodmorning
@snappingtyourtle @Jonin60seconds requested the date - and he is the guest of honoyour after all . . . 
@LittleFletcher oh yeah . . . have notseem that in ages!! got to watch that soon!! thanks for reminding me!!
@atomicfern just made my day: http/tinyyourl.com/cumqmv
subway  i am going to get subway . . .   love it! ate it often when i was in new zealand . . . 
from last Montday is award ceremony  http/twitpic.com/4jkvl
@latinavanessa i am sooo ready for a beautifyl day
@gamerbabe360 i am feeling a little sleepy now. Been reading Gunter Grass . . .  wonderful but tiny print. Eyes done in
@Agent_M Thanks for remembering
@llittizzio i am in a good mood . . .  See  ?    i am smiling ! ! ! !!
Ti ame to get educated  Hope you all are off for a great start on this Monday morning
@FragDolls ok I just love it when big buff tattoed (preferably Christian)  men strut . . . fluffy dogs are optional
@erwin57 Peek-a-boo!! i can see you!!
@ileanedover HEYHEYHEYY happy star wars day   watcha doin this friday  ?   up for a movie  ?  
@EmilyYoung09 havin fun  ?   x btw isnt it bowling  ?   x 
happy star wars dayyyy =D and hbd to uncle LEE
good morning tweeties! what to do today  ?   I am all rested up from Richmond and ready to hit the beach!
@merlehenge the lost cost is a total plus.  Nutella is like peanut butter mixed with chocolatey goodness. yumm. ^^
@jtchan83 Woo Hoo! it is ti ame to play Name That Twune
@susiecheng We all need that si ample reminder-thank!
@mari amcfly morning ! ! ! ! happy #juddday
Back to reality tomorrow. But I think I will dig me out a cigar and smoke me a good one. Yes i bought 3 boxes of the GOOD Ones
@spumante hahaha! Yes ,  I do
@k_griffiths There was a good atmos. I decided to stay til closing ,  very funny!
@Doctor_Death Well i am i ampressed with your technical skillz
16 days until I start moving!
@taylorswift13 i wish you could come to Swindon . . . 2 hoyours away . . . it is my dream to meet you  xoxo
@CaroleCross Thank you for that!  I know it.
@DesiznTech thanks  glad you like it
@dolliesierra Awwh . . . well at least you are up top ,  where the magic happens!  Today will be a good day ,  no worries.
In Whin Park on the swings ,  victory is all mine right now
School. School. School.  today seems like it is going to be a great day!
@PITCHERPARK i want her more on Syourvivor!!
Good Morning Tweeters . . .  Happy Monday!  Grab a big cup of coffee it is a new week
@jkarney  #amtarot Thank you so much!
@MrsVaught happy birthday ,  amber! hope it is a great one . . . and - you are far away from thirty . . . shhh . . . you are making us 29 ' ers feel sad!
@mcflyyerr yeah that is trueee  i can not wait till the toyour dvd comes out ,  that toyour was so epic  and the backstage material is hilarious
@RainbowSuicide SHOW ME SHOW ME ! ! ! 
On an operations conference call with the great peeps @campusadvantage team. Y ' all make Mondays a bit easier to handle.
one of my favorite ,  most relaxing songs to wake up to: http/tinyyourl.com/c8fr3e Good morning.
Listening to Miley Cyrus Breakout CD ! love it!
@SedzOz no actually it gets rid of the bacteria and they thaw out nicely
Just checking in to say Good Monday Morning to all my #mamo friends . . . 
working my ass off and I am completely happy
@LarryWalksFast Cool. That would be fantastic!
@artistico The John Lennon poster. My inner fan girl is dancing with joy.
@ BeardByourk: Their being opti amistic
Photo: jdperry: Seriously ,  thesepictyoures make my day.  Hahaha. Ialways just go aroundsaying oh my god  did you . . .  http/tumblr.com/xzn1pir8s
@mirnygirly If it does not work out drop me a line. I would love to talk with you more about this
Hey ,  thanks for the follow ,  wow this is exciting a new tweet.
MORNING EVERY1! Giveaway at http/tinyyourl.com/dhc4hg  Mod Kid Emma pattern $25 GiftCert to HipFabric!! GO check it out
@clockworkmelt LOL I feel like drunk right now . . . 
found rollo! and got happy  hmmm . .  guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o
Getting ready to launch the podcast of chapter 1 of Tyourning Left at Albuquerque this morning. I know you are excited - so am I!
Hitting the (fairly empty) shops in Orlando! Off to downtown Disney later  http/tinyyourl.com/cdsuws
Even though it is already Monday. Thanks for the #followfriday complements - you know who you are!
Back from mountains
@jensen_ackles New to Twitter. New to Supernatyoural - i am only 1 day old :0) Jst ordered 1st season ,  after seein 1 gud random ep lastnte
there.  She says it gives her an excuse to sleep in the other bed! LOL  they are  different sizes or I would have switched them for her.
what a great day
@LoveLayouriexox - my son plays pitcher and catcher.  Beautiful weather this past weekend for baseball ,  but I am exhausted!
@scottrmcgrew  *  dancing pirouette ballerina HUGS *   Morning my Awesome brudder!
@apizzle86: thanks!  and you being #80 just made my morning!
@VisitGalena - we wouldn ' t miss it for the world!  ICCVB meetings @VisitPeoria Mon-Wed . . .   the fun is just beginning
@ZaraGreen no problem ,  keep it comin
hey @star45 sending some Florida sunshine your way  Supertramp  it is Raining Again  @DJDolceVita you m . . .    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jucn
@missrogue wow! that is an  *  awesome *  review; carry it with you everywhere; laminate it; read it when down;just plain cool
@halfwelshdragon those cakes syoure look good   ,   ,  took one if it is ok with you  ummm good tks
Happy Birthday Mommy
@crazyfirebolt HAHA I LOVE THE WAY U PUT IT He lifts oyour feet off the ground spins us around and makes us crazier
@tractorqueen Will do
Happy Star Wars Day - May the 4th be with you
@robluketic  Thank you so much. That was so nice of you and I was happy to hear you voice  You ' ve really started something Good!! xo
Ah ,  that was easy  I just received the new link for the Reegie rig
@spazzyyarn he totally got you!  i think it is awesome.
@infovestment LOL ,  very true. i have  been keeping an eye out for that - they arent very tech savvy so i have  been alright thus far
@acousticalti will be listening!
Happy nyourses week! it is oyour first one as rn is
Moving today!!  i am so excited!
back to athens.    ?     ?     ?     ?    ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?   
proud of the ceviche and bellinis tyourning out so well and LOVING the smell of fresh flowers in the house
@sabrina215 YES!! cant wait. hope these vip passes help since people already campin out hahah
@zipvojames Well . . .  . . minus being related to Greg . . . lol . . . .just kidding
@chetbuchanan SANJAYA FOREVER! HAHAHAHAHAHA ! ! ! !
Um . . .  happy star wars day btw. Cheers to all you scruffy looking nerfherders and hot ami is out there.
i have  brush my teeth but i am eating Chocolates right now ha-ha just sharing
my last full week of school!
out shopping . . . 
@SoldierBeetle your welcome hun!    They are all amazing people - make syoure to say hello to them!
No Evidence ,  No Conviction ! Absolutely hilarious . .  Makes my day every ti ame  http/bit.ly/lrolJ
@cocosbutter it is already good . . . I got to meet you!
yeah  just made twitter
Good Afternoon
@i amjustcreative having a F *  * Kin '  great day over there Graham is not it
@ru5tylo  You are silly.
The seat was a nice place to go
haiszt . .  i am here in the office doing nothing but tweet haha! fun!
@allicandy95 testing . . .  Hey! I gotta add you as someone to follow
@czarinas78 Ah  So you ' ve seen both. (Either way ,  you get to experience the fantasy of sound and shock waves in the vacuum of space. Heh.)
I am so happy. Keve is here for early Mother is day. Let is be quiet. He drove all night and is sleeping.
@shrinkingjes WHOO HOO. Congrats on getting under 200lbs
Okay so yesterday was good went food shopping ,  cooked some chicken tacos and bakes some cookies ! ! !   Now I am back at work.
@meghanian I think I got it fixed! Woo hoo!
@VIVIatTheDisco Good luck on your first day  ! ! ! !
@dopenhagen are you in KL  ?   I am  up for a drink  ?  
@AsunUnique  Apple has done some i ampressive things for my almost 2 year old macbook. Except when I poyoured coffee into the keyboard.
my c key is stating to work.  yayness.
Just picked up my copies of the printed brochyoures I did for the BWRC. So excited
all pugged in and ready to go. device updates on ,  so feel free to bombard me at any ti ame.  Ti ame to actually get something done.
i am fine also . . up way to early . . lol . . . soo those r all your dogs  ?   to kut3  . . i def want a pit! lol
Waking up  . . . .working . . . Happy as can be!  it is gonna be a great day today . . .  I can see it . . and i am not sore from Running yesterday ! ! ! 
Apparently today is Happy Star Wars day.  i am suppose to say may the 4th be with you.
@richa_august84 haha . . .   may be . .  hehe . .  I might have been i amported.  but i love the heat . . .  love playing football on a hot day . . . 
@jackallti amelow I just got my JAGK shirt in the mail! oh my god  I love it ! ! !   see you satyourday!!
It is going to be a beautiful day!
@TSchryver ahh! Yay!  so you are gonna get it  ?  
I have a 4-H lamb meeting. It should be fun. And it is sunny! Yay! I can play with my horses this afternoon. Clap ,  clap ,  clap ! ! ! 
@isaacn86 Thanks! Funny cause it is true!
lay by the pool and take a nap. my agenda for the day
shout out to Sanjeev! thank you for being my first follower  on twitter.
@atxtraveler thanks! I will try #boarding out
Yes ,  he is really back!: I could not wait for this day to arrive and finally it is here! Gale is back ! ! !   i am pos . .  http/tinyyourl.com/dzzaf5
Good mornin. Today will end early ,  woo. Gonna work on rick is syourprise PROJECT DUE ON TUESDAY
wishing you all a happy monday and a wonderful start to this week ! Make it a good one
it is a good day! The lake is a mirror ,  the kids are happy ,  and I get to clean the cabin today . . .  Err two outta three ain ' t bad!
Well ,  i am here ,  good morning/brunch-ish I took my exam ,  think I did good
@juliannebritton Ohhh ,  i really want to see Coraline ,  it seems really good
i am listening this song shattered by Tynisha keli   www.myspace.com/tynishakeli
@mercedez000 Ta very much!  Happy B-Day to G-son
Shakti is celebrating her 4th Birthday today!
@esmeeworld Good luck tonight! have fun
@Jonasbrothers i can not wait! it is most definately going to be amazing.  3 michelle
@SWrightBoucher Hi Susan ,  read your blog.  it is really good.  I look forward for the tweet updates
@sozah Morning Sunshine
@DuongSheahan so nice to meet you too! @NancyLoo is the best for bringing me along
@TheMandyMoore so looking forward to your new album
Feeling really good about my performance on the AP Government  Politics exam this morning.  Going to lunch with Krista.
@Blanquis26  Morning ,  hope you have a super day . . . enjoy !
@wendaybird silly wendy. You know I do not  speak French  just a few more hoyours to study before this ride begins!
@MaddieWan Maddie starts working  ?   WATCH OUT WORLD!
@ti amhahnproject Heh.  When I moved into my house Pius was having a pep rally ,  so there was cheering and a band.
Happy Star Wars Day. MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU
I love how two of my favorite shows have the same acronym  lol.
@howie_d awww glad to know Little Sweet D and Leigh are doing good . . . thanks for the updates Howie
@jeg007jeg yay  coutch:couch
cyourrently munching on baby carrots! nom nom nom nom . . . 
Haha how exciting  wat does it look like  ?  !
thinks SG is wonderful
@IvoryValentine have you seen The Fifth Element  ?   makes super green a lot funnier
@KevinRButters Excellent then Chiang Mai is definitely a possible next vacation stop! thanks for the info.
about to take my mum out for jewellery shopping and a coffee for mothers day
show ti ame baby! bye bye for now Tweeters
Well it would seem that you can enter nine 0s if you are an Individual without a SSN/ITIN or EIN according to Apple.  Hyourray!
it is after 3 AM.!!  I think it is ti ame to bed.!!  have a good night twitts.! )
http/twitpic.com/33hus that is my baby
Zapatos for trashcan nachos and then an epic night
just got home from dinner and am really really full. my mom said my dad bought me a sony a200k  ?   holyyyyyyy
@DiscoStarChild hahaha n i am a do the same for u
@jti amberlake Went to your resteraunt in NYC ,  it was aaaaaaaaaamazing
@CloneCommander  *  Everything *  is better with lightsabers
My birthday is a week from today!
@NeilMcDaid looks class the water splash looks so real  looking forward to my review copy 
@PerezRevenge Aww ya not showing off all us mums should be proud of oyours kids and let everyone know it
@LGDADON it makes perfect sense. I guess i am very down to earth. Thanks for your reply
oh my god  brings me back to my High School Days!    ?   http/blip.fm/~5ygpg
Nina is High: Hanging out with Ninah and Taylor all day! theyre AWESOME  and getting to go home tomorrow to see my MOM  Nina is Low: NADA
 . . . ok ,  sOooooooooo I DID that!! i have  got u in the palm of my hand
Thanks so much to everyone who came out to Speakeasy last night! What a hit. Wonderful to see you all having fun! June will be awesome.
Watching next day air
Belting Next to Normal is a fabulous evening choice
@allearsdeb http/twitpic.com/4w0yj - wow ,  fancy!
baked a cake  watching a movie.
@_chloe yes! it is on youtube  it is from may 7th ,  and it made me feel 100x better. it is halarious.
oh man had great nap (still alittle tired) having pizza for dinner.
@elengrey Yay!  Lucky!  What would you do  ?  
twitter fam ,  i`m about to hop back on Ai am i went ghost on y`all lolz sowwy
@lancegross http/twitpic.com/4vd89 - such a good looking cpl!! can not wait to see what kind of kids y ' all will have!
just finished watching Role Models (hilarious) ,  and debating whether to go to 251. Hmmm . . . 
Went shopping a lil . . .  I deserve it . . .  And now a night on the town in the big city of Norfolk
I wish I can see clips of your show that you hosted. Hottie Shawn in the 80 is! and yes your still a Hottie!
@elysion32  I am here to make friends . .  real life ,  internet . .  what ever level people are comfortable with . . 
have notbeen on in foreverr!  Almost happy mother is dayy. Yay. 
Enjoying d view @ sg flyer
@EverRaven I figyoured you would be bouncing about it
saw Hannah Montana Movie today!! was the best ! ! !  ! ! !  was AWESOMEEEEEE ! ! !  ! ! !   Hannah  and Miley RockS! lol
At the @drakkardnoir concert! I hope @SongzYuuup makes a guest appearance
New Twitter coolness: conversations with neighbors (http/is.gd/ybd0) dyouring a thunderstorm.
@tenotch awesome ,  i am glad you like it.  FYI - Platinum Notes 3.0 should be out as a free upgrade this summer
@SweetWifey Her new cd is lovely.
1 syourprise party today ,  2 parties tomorrow.  FunFunFun! But ,  need to finish bug project. O_O
@iamkeshia happy birthday keshia ,  keshia ,  bo beshia
@Tyourch Aww ,  congrats to the family.  Send me piccies in the email!
@Prince_Aries Me and that person have something in common then! LOL jk . . . 
@lilcdawg it is because we run on CPT ! ! ! 
Just sang Shine by Newsboys in the car with @hollyewallace Holla!
Less than 24 hrs until GRADUATION ! ! !  Going out tonight to celebrate
going to another birthday party tonite
i cooked breakfast for my mom  HAPPY
@Iamme828 No becuz we are being honest! Lets look at the big pictyoure . . my happy ending with the smile on my face
LOL. My moms present cost 69 dollars.
@fotojen @halgriffin hope you guys are having fun!  can not wait for ya  will to be back ,  Wilmy is not the same without you
@artcon http/twitpic.com/4vfcx - awesomeeeeee
i am feeling better now that I have something in my tummy
CSI NY comes back to aus with  isex ,  lies and silicone '  (s05e04) EVRYONE ON EAST COAST TUNE IN TONIGHT  pleaseee
Just came back from hanging out with some friends + cocktails. 3 i am not drunk ,  but feeling good.  Hope everyone is well  ?  
@theDebbyRyan Just left you a message! Hope you get it
definitely ready for a plate of pancakes.
me  kelly share the same last name ,  wouldnt that be sweet if we were related  @TheEllenShow
Family is here , hanging with them
@WayneDaStar oh wow THANKS Wayne
Had a nice pre mother is day dinner out. Now a cocktail before retiring for the evening
Scratch that. Now we are watching  ' marley and me ' . Thinking I could stay awake better for this one.
@jojowright http/twitpic.com/4w24f - ooh ,  nice score ,  jojo!
@ForetDeMichelle you do not  need my physical presence ,  you have my energy already ! ! ! 
Ok we found oyour way now . . .  I think  tonight let is just let go it is dance ti ame!
@paulwingz nothinbg home about to jump in the shower the streets is calling meeeeeeee  @STEFFSOFLII what is it 4 tonight @COKEbabyy tell m
chillin with my bros and a couple of yeunglings   does not get much better than this
Playing pacman on itouch!  lol
pythonkings.nl    equals ----       almost better than the si ams . . . 
At the reception eating some nasty ass pasta Woot! But other than that it is beautiful!
@hnnhmllr lmao! You baked non-stop  ?   Sounds like yummy fun!
Fun at the water park then dinner at the rainforest cafe (all free!) then party tonight  pretty good Satyourday I think.
@Jonasbrothers OMJ I loved it . . . it was a good laugh and Frankie did a great job ,  and you guys did too ~Agnes
@crzyqbn That is awesome dude ,  yay for syourprise celebrities!  I got to meet hi am a few years ago ,  he was soooo friendly.
i just made the best tyourtle ice cream pie everrrrr  btw ,  happy (soon to be) mothers day!
@IamTam not having your lights on concerns me! Lol! Stay safe!
@scottlava was fun meeting u today! thanks for all the doodles on the goodies i got! hope u have a super ti ame in TO  visit again soon!
@CelestialQ good!  now let is go get this done . . . . www.HennesseyBlack.com
@AnnCyourry The photos are AMAZING! What a GREAT subject  way to get people educated about Darfyour! HUGS! U are an inspiring woman!
@RealBillBailey it really made my night. infact ,  it made my weekend! well done.
@Pranajama i have  never been to Prague ,  but if i had the money ,  it  will be in the 10 first cities I visit
@c4ss4ndr4 do I discern a request for Hulu support  ?   excellent idea!
watching shark boy and lava girl! on disney channel. hanging out with sarah jane ,  micah ,   rachel
@FollowMyJoyourney Oh girl ,  get that baby going to bed at 7pm!
Welll my folkiesss(; i am offf to dream land;work in the mornin;ugh;ewwy. Talkkk to me;but tomorrow  3 lyourvee ya  will[;
@mrstreme Thanks so much! I will be back on toyour soon. Two new books in the pipeline!
I should have know that extra hand comment would cause trouble . . .   About to upload House Music and Beyond Vol. 3
@cschug We do! it is been to long! I think i have next weekend open. When are you going to have the house warming party
You can not take this feeling away from me3. going to lay down  watch a movie.
at least I get to watch over ti ame  Let is go Pens!!
@MikeHuntington oops ,  me and my drunken stupor lol. i ama check it out
@LexyMez Thanks so much Alex! Best wishes for the day to you and yours
Playing d.j in Ray is ride! On oyour way to have some delish sushi
@justlikethem I would li ame them. Or lemon  ?    And deal ,  sounds fabulous to me!  Text me up when you are back
Just shot my new .22 rifle!  The auto-reset plinker target I built in shop class works great!
@bandit_zero it is cool ,  and thats good
@penpen72 Haha ,  true  thankfully the regular keyboard does the job . . .  most of the ti ame.
@GetSmart86 haha . . . Live long  prosper. The movie was better than I thought ,  they did an awesome job ,  i am pleased
my dad and i totally just rocked out to the offspring-pretty fly for a white guy. haha.
@JonathanRKnight BTW I STILL can not believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was . . . U in the masks . . I screamed at my pc
Happy i amma get to see some lovely ladies
i forgot how much i really needed music until i barely had any for about a week. but i have music now. yay!
Congrats to Dave  Anna! Syourprise proposal at the Enzian Theater in Orlando  http/qik.com/video/1638824
@michaelsheen Well I guess they think of everything   Thanks so much for keeping the fans in the loop
live long and prosper
Karaoke at a small town bar. Having a wonderful ti ame!
Oh it is so sunny.
@DirtyRose17  told you ,  you would sweep haha 
@Rachel_Pengov: Extremely so! i am in an incredible mood
on the way to kuya jordan is house for an O is sleepover  !
happiest girl in the world.  best weekend ever and I can not wait for next weekend either ! ! !   so grateful for all my blessings!
@maryrivss hahaha that was funnyy!
@ClayWalker so glad ,  I hope yall make it back down near New Orleans
@jennyinmaui I just read your twitter bio. Love it. Very clever and cute. i am all about smiles.
Yay! Bannerbomb for the Wii is finally out. I can run homebrew on my 4.0 Wii.
@Lizzs_Lockeroom Maybe   But you start to really like a team after living 12 years in the city.  Was there for 2 Cups.  Awesome!
@deauxboi LOL . . . he was cool! shoooooot . . . 
grecia! it is between mood  party! i wanna see hi am lol but we are going out fershyoure.
everyone get #buckonellen one of the topic things!
@caffeinefueled Welcome back
@xodedexo18 oh my god  ,  I get the $50 coupon from them all the ti ame ,  do you  ?    ?   i am obsessed with their catalog when it comes in the mail
Enjoyed see ' n everyone last night! even tho it was a really bad night financially . . .  Cant wait to kick it again @ the drive -ins!
having a great ti ame in kc  http/twitpic.com/4w3fi
@a_double as if there are any other kind  http/myloc.me/Fkl
@LifeByChocolate alredy had my chocolate  it is i ampossible to resist 
heading to Kit isilano for a BBQ  this weather is b.e.a . . .  UTIFUL!! x
had such a fun ti ame with allegra tonite ! ! !  we saw 17again!! good movie
headed to the beach with puppy maverick hugs and much aloha
@digital_geisha @savasavasava  For reals. it is lovely being around someone so refreshingly analog in his interests
Viviann is all minee. Yummm
Sulumit is Retsambew is thinking: A billion here ,  a billion there ,  pretty soon it adds up to real money.
Awesome night ahead: BAD v Rat City! Most of my favorite skaters on one track  #fb
@ceemce Home Friday makes me  too ! ! ! 
is closing at 10 instead of 12 yay!!  just 15 min till i can go home and talk to my lovebug!!
@deiu you guys are moving to LA  ?  ! Why so far  ?   But we shall make a castle before you leave!
not letting anyone get me down  tired of taking on other people is pain all the ti ame! I am a happy person with or without drama . . .  om . . . .!
Home from work
thank for the tip.  how did you figyoure that one out  ?  
I am officially a kindergarten cop
Chillen with Csla . .  Waiting to start . .  Watchin pacquiao rerun . . 
@LILJIZZEL hahaha! YES I AM!  Lil Jon is the freakin jizzle! U know I named my 1st puppy after u  ?   Lil Jizzle . . . remember  ?   LOL . . . xoxox
Almost dun choreographing the dance
Very very interesting night in Defiance to say the least . . .  but hey ,  I got  ' Guys and Dolls '  for free!
@jennywoo42 we had bbq chicken pizza last night! (although it was not deep dish   glad to hear you had fun in p.r.!!
@SafiG Lol . . Wat was Vibes doin on Atlantic  ?    where is your shirt in your twitter pic  ?   lol
went swi amming with the fam for over 2 hoyours! we are a little toasty
@teacherPaddy hey Padster . . . it is a dirt track.  thank for the info! I got 3 miles in
is having a jam session in her room and then seeing star trek . . . again
@konghee Have a good ti ame with Sun  Dayan there at NY!
@TheMadModel Soooo happy your back!
Guess what  ?   mom adopted a kitty today (11 months) His name is Corky
@NKANGEL74 Sweet! Thanks!
On my shoot with Ron and Torey! Have lots of fun
listening to some music!
@theellenshow @KalebNation twilightguy.com kalebnation.com youtube.com/kalebnation PUT Hi am ON THE SHOW! Sry for spamming but we love hi am
The usual. Two family parties today. Happy Birthday Lily!  http/twitpic.com/4w472
@scodal  yeah I saw ,  looks like hard work ,  But I would know  whats upp handsome
Woo hoo! My happiness score is 612. Apparently I am over-the-top happy. Considering the week i have  had . . . 
Watching Miley Cyrus on youtube!
The sun is out here in Melboyourne! Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there
Home from Ghosts of Girlfriends past with my lovely luddite  Not exactly high theatre ,  but a good date movie!
@parislisbonne i am glad you liked it   Want more  ?  
@natashabrown brad is face when he saw that gift is priceless!! Thnx Nat!
is enjoying family ti ame. Hoping to be able to make a graceful exit and enjoy some friend ti ame soon
@felixcau Hehe
Today is my first Mothers Day with my little boy. Hope you are having a beautiful Mothers Day too
waiting for the plane at the airport   so exited bout going to tasmania see ya when i get back
@girlygirl007 Well done! Happy for ya.
Happy morning to everyone!
@AshleyTaylor_x3 you are too sweet girl!! My food was soooo good
i always have 2 do xtra cleaning b4 leaving . . .  so now were on da road  on 2 springhill suites ,  then cafe 360 ,  yum!
Helping Devin at his photo studio. i am sitting back ,  sipping a green apple martini ,  and watching hi am assemble everything.
about to play my first game of apple to apples!!   wish me luck . . . 
@amhartnett That sounds like fun
really really getting excited!
at home with her fam  see you in CoMo tomorrow!
Swi amming party at my brothers tonight. I had an AWESOME ti ame.  Since when am I a sissy about cold water  ?    Who am I  ?      LOVED TODAY ! ! ! 
caught up on emails for my research project.  yay for labels and search in #gmail.  much easier
star trek was grtsat bggeting drunk now
Reds win! Great end to a great day
@angusmaclean yeah i have  been there ,  my son is two so we go to only the kid friendly places now congrats on the baby!
http/twitpic.com/4w3zh - My son ,  Finley.
What a beautiful day! Hangin with the guys Graham and Josiah  lol waiting for the others. If you wanna stop by come on over  with food
says Happy Mother is Day to all Moms out there  http/plyourk.com/p/stkr2
stealth shopping - got wife b-day present while at mall together and she didn ' t notice - buy ,  hide it in car ,  back before she missed me
@sarahismail95 it is cool
@JohnLusher You are welcome! it is been a wonderful day  How about you  ?   Stayin outta trouble or should I be ready to crash a party  ?   LOL
morning sunshine
@vinnipukhi will give hi am a hug when I see hi am  tell hi am I say hi
My mom just came home and she FINALLY got me a guitar strap! yay!
@BrandonSmithCEO Wow. That is looks really good. I wish I had some. Was it good  ?  
@erik_rubadeau Last weekend I had a pretty solid brunch at Bar Wellington. Hard to screw up steak and eggs ,  though
@rescapism hahahah tell me about it tomorrow then
Happy Mother is Day to every mommy out there
@ZooeyDe : it is very nice to be able following you on Twitter
Guess I was too late  #sigjeans
it is a Peter  Gordon morning  - And I ,  go to pieces and I wanna hide / Go to pieces and I almost die / Ever . . .    ?   http/blip.fm/~5yk38
Ahhhhh now If You Go Away  by @nkotb is on @retrorewind YAY my other fav song of theirs
Happy to see Kyourt spin.
@stryperband - Love the comeback ,  I will stay tuned! You fellows should follow people on here though. You  will in tyourn get more followers
Law and Order! Yeah ,  I stay home on Sat nite!
@AmberCadabra Wow ,  I have notwatched that movie in ages. It is quite fantastic.
@wendywings cute   Ti ame for a twitpic 
Happy Mother is Day to all the mothers out there!!
@meredithhawkins Aww nice
Another amazing day. Ever since I got a Twitter ,  i have  been having great days
@cocotian of coyourse i do . .  such an adorable face.
Lossing power while your in your house alone  ?   Not fucckinggg cool. Party at cakss!
@fuelbot hahahahahahahahahahahahaha  that could be interesting
@RachelxVacancy hi 80th fallower
@sdelighted Oh yay! Glad you are there and having fun with the baby.
@morgandonovan Haha ,  nice!  Thanks for letting me know!
@VanetaRogers Thank ye ,  Vaneta.  Much appreciated
@kidb thanks again for coming out to support us  you rock!
New Star Trek movie = Awesomeness. Unnecessary brief underwear scene (pun intended) but besides that ,  just awesomeness.  #startrek
goodmorning !
@aussiecynic LOL #yourock
seeing Star Trek tonight! Super stoked.
We did it last year right around the ti ame The Black Parade is Dead! came out. Awesome ti ames ,  man.
Movie is pretty interesting actually. Gonna finish watching it.  probably seeing star trek tomorrow. 3 ZQ. lol
@AdamTheStudent ISP all sorted i gather  ?  ! cheers for the bday wish too
i am back from my first 5K running race   And still alive!
nyoursing my scratches and bumps from Festivus mud wrestling. I swear there is still dirt in my hair but a good ti ame was had by all
spring show was super fun!
@emmielovegood Nope ,  i am on my way home now.
@FredaMooncotch tyourn on your closed caption  . . .  Then you can read and watch ani amal planet at the same tii ame.
sittin at home watchin monster in-law waitin for pizza . .  yum yum
@PetiteAntoin oh that is cool   Thanks!!
@mightyvanessa Hahaha ,  that is a cool pic that Sal made of Daniel and you. lol.
@BlokesLib absolutely!  I have a his view section on my site . .  I know you are busy but you are more than welcome to guest post
@ceramicheart my heart sings
@ncarcadio congrats on your new mac book air!
Whoooooo! Spcn 2009!  ready to cheer for @Dariane!
@davedays i heard one of your songs ,  and you have an amazing voice  i was stunned
It is so warm out this evening!  And I just met my new neighbors ,  they are  so nice.
@TheFifthSister LOL yeah  I forgot about your TweetDeck statuses! So funny
@Krisbellmusic  yeaaa!
@Sarah_LeAnn if it makes you feel better i am studying on a sat night w/o blackberries
welcomes my nephew to the christian world.
@meghan7x Happy birthday in 2 hoyours and 54 minuets  Haha
@everyboy  give them my best!
@Tam98 just looked at your page and realised it was a radio show ,  get them to play Call It What You Want so love that track
umm yeaa i go to like watch-movies-link.com or something like that and there pretty good quality
Just downloaded twitterberry. My life is now even MORE convenient.
@PinkBerryGirl Aha I see . . . will do
fun day with boo. short but fun
watchin what a girl wants with mom and brittany . . 
cousin leon was born today
Had a good day selling at Feria yourbana. The ladies love them some laser-cut felt.
@denisev3 it was a biligual sweatshop LOL I talk 2 hi am once in a while but not as much ,  he got an r6
Family guy reruns ,  food ,  and ,  good phone conversations  ah ,  satyourdays.
@stephanewws Thanks for finding me!  Have a wonderful evening!
@mizzlianne that is so  *  sweet *  . . 
Watching the Pianist with my dad great movie.
feels accomplished ! ! !   She got a lot done today! http/plyourk.com/p/stns9
@ITTO88 dear ITTO what could possibly be THAT bad  ?   Xo
Had fun at the Airshow with the boys today - exhausted
@elliottng congrats! My wife would oppose live tweeting birth too i am syoure
Yummy yum-cha for mother is day with mum ,  dad ,  arcel and egg-pants  yuuuuuum  http/twitpic.com/4w65x
@destroytoday hahahi will try
@TheKrewe Glad you are having a blast.
@claramattos yea ,  i should know . .  but tell me EVERYTHING!  ps: send me direct messages telling . .    haha
getting ready to go read ,  pray ,  and go to bed. Enjoy the rest of the night
lvl 96 me vs a lvl 115 owned me i was useing crappy armoyour
@FollowSavvy @FollowMandy have funnn!
@Praxilla My kids count down the days till Satyourday. I hope it is something they remember all of their lives!
happy mothers day x  go the dockers
@jerrytrainor We never miss ICarly - my son has a huge crush on Miranda
@iampritty Oh! Outside  ?   Glad to see you didn ' t melt!!
@harmonymatters Cool i am glad.I will save some tea for you
@tanahuffman Same here  Mmmm . . .  Macrina Bakery.
So @jti amberlake is on SNL tonight! it is going to be a HILARIOUS
@BrokePi ampStyles Yep Yep! I plan to do nothing  That is bliss to me!
@it isNeet Teehee . . I know it too!
@cestcassie Aw ,  that song makes me think of girl scouts.
@jonasbrothers http/twitpic.com/3bnas - oh my god! you are adorable! ilove you so much  you are my inspiration Nick!
@Deejai Nice to meet you toooo  Good to know another one of my followers ACTUALLY speak!
About to ventyoure forth to Tyourkey Creek  fetch the boy after his post prom festivities. Hope he had fun
http/twitpic.com/4w6lf - BBQ ti ame again.
@nsharm75 thank you for reading Ohlala
Happy Mother is day
celebrating being engaged for 1 year to the handsome @aaronmbaer!
haciendo mi pri amer app con Thin + Rack + some crazy stuff . . . 
@eeeegads thank you
my mother is drunk grrrreat . .  it is okay it is mothers week
@DiamondBlue hehehe!! Are you tryna find another condom  better get u for boxes cuz i ama take u thru all of em
@marano2288 aww ,  thanks babe!  you and yours have plans for tomorrow  ?  
Woo hoo party over here. it is gonna be fun
listening to the best days of your life by kellie pickler
Yaay congrats Shmolan on graduating  i am proud of you!! Have fun! 3
i am sooo HAPPY Demi is back on twitter!
is thrilled prom went well
@twtboxdj  Thanks Mr. DJ!
I had a great date last night . . . tried to find the CDCaves with Daniel  it was HILARIOUSLY FUN ! ! ! 
@fyoureousangel that is comedy  good luck my friend!
@jesfive SWEEEEET - San Fran is awesome ! ! ! !  Love it there
@bunnydrumming Hi bunny! I recently have subcribed to your channel on YouTube! You make some great stuff. Kinda just wanted to say hi!
@JulieAbel I am in Weirton Julie ,  way up North at the tippy top! LOL we do not  think southern WV folks like us too much.
awww i bought my mom the cutest things for mothers day  woop woop mee expert shoper
@ddlovato hi ya demi! i am glad your back   http/twitpic.com/4vuuy i personally love the pictyoure! haha
the last song all american rejects . . .  . . .  . .  an amazing song
@ppittman you are not old ! ! !  You are  just comfy! Like worn in sweats! Said with all the love my sarcastic heart can muster . . . 
at the farm not enjoying cary ann ,  but loving the company!
@AnnCyourry those photos are lovely! Who knew you were as talented a photographer as you are a joyournalist!
@shakeitblueyes good
i am ACTUALLY on Skype but ssshh do not  tell anyone.
The Eagles make satyourday nights so much better.
@GericaQuinn Yay  I Feel Loved  By You And My 113 Creepy Followers.
LMAO Twitting . . .  thats never gonna get old haha!
@bunnymousekitt hahaha ,  yes ,  oyour discussions always seem to jump around randomly
OH EMM GEE!! QUEBEC IN 16 DAYS. I AM SO EXCITED.
@xstaylor LOL!  Considering the recent debate on DL ,  i am not touching the bad boy thing.  I like the logical ones.
@heidi amontag my satyourday was good  i cannot wait until this monday night
Got some beautiful flowers and a mag subscription for Mother is Day  Spoilt! 3
@isabellacane Thanks! I was gonna make a joke and say they look just like mine!
@ihatecrayons http/twitpic.com/4w75p - I like it!!
I have lived through oyour band is first performance ,  and it was pretty damn fun.
is tired but happy the orphanage was wow . .  and babysitting was really fun
is off to Tagaytay with the family! Happy Mum is Day to all you hot momma is
Watching water boy  about to grub on some carnisada. Yum , Yum!!
@car4dave lol thanks!
Watching superbad with brit
@li amheeian iPhone is awesome man!! Ti ame to join the Apple cult!!
on my way homee  i love long car rides3
Did anyone go photographing today  ?   I managed to get a few macro shots of some flowers that were blooming
@sparrowstudio They tyourned out great! And I had a killer workout before-hand so no guilt
@davedays GAH! I got some of your songs off itunes  i am so happy! they are  SO AWESOME ! ! !  keep it up!
flashlight tag!  i love playing games in the dark.
relaxing . . . enjoying the evening
I got the new Silverstein CD. aha. it is AMAZING.  I highly recomend it.
@JaySodmg heyy jay ,  wat is going on witcha   ?    do you want a twitter background   ?   you already know i gotcha if you need anything.
@lunaliu  You are such a positive thinker ,  I am for syoure keeping you around!
on the phone w. Chantellie ! 3
@acummings I am ecstatic client can do a deed in lieu of  . . . so Monday I will take my sign  lockbox off happy another satisfied client
@tadasauce Have a good ti ame
this song called stolen ,  it soooo amazing!! it by Dashboard Confessional
@janae24 LOL! Let is find something quickly.
I gave a homeless lady named Ruby an Ice Cream sandwich and a cigarette.  That is my g00d deed for the day. :p
Chilling feeling really nice . . 
@LiveInLove10 YES ! ! !  haahaaa.! break out the jellybeaniesss!
Watching the CAVS ! ! ! !!
FTSK and Mercy Mercedes were amazing tonight . .  as always
@mahami amo Thank you! your makeup art is top-notch ,  come to my house every morning! ha ha
just got home after an hoyour at the track ,  I feel real good now =P running is nice  and abs work and push ups haha =P
@mynewgroove I said I wouldn ' t drink tonight ,  but I say this as I drink this Sam Adams
@spiderdj82 thank you. yes yes. hooray!
had fun at chel is with nicole and cried watching benjamin button   exciting night i must say
@eliasharrak ummm ,  come on ,  for me twins and slyourpees ,  and being in a car with the twins is going to be pretty epic ! ! ! 
Having fun with all my dolls  tequillla . . . carne asada . . . and my mom dancing funny!
Averaged $31 per hoyour at work today! Gotta love holidays
listening to @hardqueen after last nights Up from the Underground screening ,  awesome job @latapia
@scenequeen haha. welcome to my world. we fail together.
http/twitpic.com/4w855 Operation Happy Mom a success!
Finally going to bed! Woo-Hoo! Gotta work at 5am! Lots of love to all!
Reading ,  cryin ,  reading ,  laughin . . .   Enjoying the ride while being enlightened and inspired by letters to a young sister!!  thank Hill.
About to pik out my hair ,  braid it up ,  scrub off my make up and rela . . .  tonight was fun
loven the rs ftw pvp is bac
@shygamer @Zeralyn I told ya  will I am a good girl. You can see my halo and everything
I love these App things ,  it be hella awesome bro.
relaxing night at home with best people
@garrettmyourray Same here!  I just wanted it to keep going and not end . . .  ever! 
@cldoug Jana laughed when I told her about the anniversary tweet.
Played some Mythic Brawl in order to get a good screenshot. Instead ,  I got a Perfection!
is cute
FIFTH RUNNER UP  at keg with @kirsten95  ,  @devonshire94  ,  hannah ,  darian ,  fiona ,   phillipa
Goood Moring
Women in Science  Technology conference in La Jolla - what an interesting day!  Met some really great people!
@DomSoFresh bl MUTHAFUCKIN ah!  I win!
Search Ryan Carera  Josh Kelley  they are  really good
Hellerrr new followerss. i am Tricina  uhhm i am cool
Great motorcycle ride along Hood Canal and through Gig Harbor today. Not to warm ,  great sunshine ,  stunning day
@carljohnston
Reached Bangalore!! Now gotta hunt for rooms
@shmeezie thanks for having me! i had a great ti ame too
@r_city tell brandon I said hi!!
baseball games whoo hooo  when to banquet yesterday at the hyhtt sooo fun
Watching Groove the movie with @mikecase my hubby!
Top cashier at work today! woot woot! now off to have a drink . . . 
a chilled day  party tomorrow.
@TheAsterik BETTER BE. ALSO ,  YES. UNF UNF 3  . . . Lisa still hasn ' t gotten any ,  btw   *  smacked * 
Watching Sex  The City at my brothers soccer game. I have totally defited the pyourpose of coming . .  Hehe
@JackAllTi ameLow i am glad you are a lot happier barakitten  3 see yah in july
@SHCollectibles Aww Thanks!    Glad I appreciated the weather so much yesterday!
@jerennyofficial Hahah JONAS in 10 min!! woop woop! it was fun me and Doug had a 2 cmmt convo. it was magical hahaha
@jackallti amelow lucky! that is awesome
A long day with the family.   i am so tired now.  Had fun!
Come on Kirk ,  hook up your Wii to the wifi . . . you can do eeet!
@opinionatedant Have a great weekend Mononoke  I may be tweeting from inside the movie theater either Monday or Tuesday  lol
Finally making some headway in the family room!  Home is finally begining to look like it!  btw dial up can go die!
And ,  i am accumulating money again ,  so I can use a fancy finance app. Thinking of getting another CD or an IRA.  saving for a house. crazy!
havin friends over hangin out with christian tonight!!  gonna roast marshmellows and chocolate and cramcrackers.!  ?  !  ?  !
winding down ,  love having a low key day.
Partied long and hard . . . goodnight Twitter see ya in the mornin
@bluecrystaldude happy attending kendyouri . .  eat those yummy stuffs on my behalf ya.
@starryeyedsoul Meeeee! It sounds delicious
I hope they re-run this nerdprom later-  sounds like they are  having LOTS of fun.  Thanks all for the play-by-play
Getting my hair done bout to hit the club  . . .  . . .  Ha see u later  . . .  . . .  Smooches
Coool. - Weekend wasnt that great ,  eeeh. Whattttever.  Friday was better than I expected it to be ,  so I . . .  http/tumblr.com/x9i1qwu42
Just watched another episode of JONAS. Is it better than Hannah Montana  ?   Very much true!
Starting out @chuckreynolds bday bash with a Blue Moon  - Photo: http/bkite.com/07k6X
@russiandiva  Tat ,  You looks beautiful and are a heck of a mama and business woman.   Dana
@assos Eh ,  it is alright - nowhere near the same quality as a standard keyboard ,  but still useful!
Get on a plane! Come drink my Cristal with me
See No Evil starring WWE wrestler Kane. You should watch it
@Afish0410 awwww ji am jam  we are good at dodging meatballs WOO
The Black Canyon seriously have the BEST fusion food around
McDonalds in the car.  http/tinyyourl.com/onoger
@LOVEPEACE yes  and i want you to keep going if you would 
@aprilllllx hey girlie ! ! ! 
oo. and studied today outside after having a ben+jerry is . .  wearing a sundress ,  hopefully didn ' t get an awkward tan line . .  haha!
@onti1 have fun tonight
@actionchick  YAY! I love new ppl! WOOOOO!!
i have twitter ,  sooo i am pretty damn cool now
@christian792 LOL we are such twitter addicts
just woke up from a delightful nap. I can not desribe how much success is involved in an 8am nap on sat night . . . need rhubarb now
Happy Mother is Day!
Get to see and hopefully meet these guys next week at ROTR!! Can NOT wait ! ! !   Adelitas Way - Invincible   ?   http/blip.fm/~5ynxr
On my macbook  Inviting Friend to Twitter  and Happy Mothers Day
@hobbz You really think it was that awesome  ?   We  will have to discuss
@cassowaryjewel Excellent point.
yeah! i made a drawing today and now i am getting flooded with requests for portrait is for people
Welcoming ci ammarongirl  i am so proud!
Ushers: You guys made Mother is Day really awesome today! Thanks for coming in early to prep the syourprise gifts for all oyour moms!!
@Postlemonkey Oh ,  awesome ,  I have Yahooo!  Good night ,  sleep tight ,  do not  let the bed bugs bite!
@glossymom yeah i am getting to that point. Need a new phone anyway so it is gonna happen real soon!!
@taylorswift13 Mine too! Hayley is great
@MariahCarey can your 500 hrs of beautey school fix that  ?    haha
@justinsxe woot ,  woot! super cool
@CherryBlossoms4 YEYYYY MADDY IS FABULOUSSSSSS GOD BLESS HER
Had a ton of fun w muffin today
Bleah a tad tipsy and too many cup cakes. Maddies birthday tomorrow + family party
@Ai ameeLady The girls there last night would have let her! And I figyoure the boys would have enjoyed watching . . . 
With my jordie for a little bit
Just saw the new Star Trek movie. It was so good!! Zachary Quinto is amazingggg
@heffabella i dont know u but heeeeeeey  my name is shannn  *  extends hand *  put er there. where u from  ?  
@bumblebeex0 yeah the freedom is awesome ,  it is great being a little more independent
DW ,  that was funny
getting ready for the concert tonight! YAY!
@Kicesie or elope  I can not wait to see the pictyoures of you in the dress. It will be breath taking
Bass drum heads breaking equals bust. Who needs tickets for May 15th  ?   You  ?  
it is not rape if you scream syourprise first. - my customer just said to me. Haha.  (via @oh my god it isJessieLee)LMAO
@musiclove18 haha thanks  it is for history and it is on how the invention of television has influence america lol
@JonathanRKnight BTW I STILL can not believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was . . . U in the masks . . I screamed at my pc
just finished YSC runthrough for service! it is gonna be awesome!  - http/tweet.sg
anyone excited for harry potter like i am. damn twilight postponed my first love   oh well off to find some hai chai
@SairzBillington lol ,  thanks  I think my husband would classify it as annoying - but I like awesome so much better
@GericaQuinn lmao haha nice lolz it is all good though. i can wait  lol
good morning everbody!
you are so right! @Adrianmw1
good night! i am off to sleeep ! ! ! ! 5 am  good mornining! xD
@DianaRay1 I KNOW i am so excited for them!
BYEEEEE ! ! ! 
 * PEN JAM CLEARED *  CLICK!
Yay! Made it home. Feels great to be back and it is still light out.
The food here looks amazing! Oyour dessert is Frozen Grand Marnier Souffle ,  of coyourse we have to eat @ the bar
just got back from greenlake.  it was such a nice day today!
THANKS GUYS! 200 FOLLOWERS
@inflight1  we get so bored with routine . .  lol!
@plsdontgogyourl That is the one. I wish I have a video compilation of @jordanknight is thrusting
@LiveCrunch haha  Thanks!
walking home listening to music and singing to myself. :d Six feet under the stars
@charmainelhs then you must insist you write essays the twitter way - no more than 140 characters
@lar206 just saw a baby blue regal with the word SLAB written in huge letters on the side  hahaaaa
@RussellMoyer olawd go see it ,  it is priceless  soooo funny
hey guys = ) i went to Jenny is house today!! i had so much fun    so how about everyone else  ?   what did u guys doo  ?  
@KeepinUpWKris hope you have a great day tomorrow!!  happy mothers day!  let us know what you did
holy smokes! star trek was freaking awesomeeeee
@geramie yeah I was thinking about that  , ahaha
Been Mother Day shopping . . . wow . . . big thanks to my sister for coming with me. Sorry about getting you drunk though
With @MOBARZHARLEM walking the streets of Harlem. Home sweet home
@oh my god darleny hahaa your awesomee !
feeling like in 16 again - watching TWILIGHT  enjoying it
i am so proud of my NAU graduate friend ! ! !  We are getting ready to celebrate  tonight ! ! !  It  will be an international ordeal~
have a good day  @tuanyia @mirandaspazz @augustblossom @amoremotore   ?   http/blip.fm/~5yomt
@capemaybooks alright do not  want you to overdue it now. LOL you are funny  nite nite
@mikegentile http/twitpic.com/4l85a - best kind of gum ever! I just bought a pack
@SecretVampire:  nice to see you on twitter!
@loyaleagle good catch!  Thanks a bunch- have to put up a new widget.
Had tons of fun ,  yay!!  On to after prom for lots more fun ,  horayyyayayay
Wishing a Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful Mothers out there.
@MarvetBritto Awesome! that is how I wanna roll when I become mogul status
my new phrase is  ' you never doubt mo williams '    six game win streak!
 . . my mother just WON the City of Terrell ,  Texas District 2  ' City Council '  Seat   . . i am M.i.A lol HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
mrskutcher  aplusk you two are to funny!
just got back from my grandparents suprise 60th anniversary party . . . it was sooooo much fun ! ! ! 
11:10pm on a Satyourday . . .  you know what that means! BEDTi amE!
had a very good day and is now going to get into bed!
haha i just watch a funny ass video on youtube  made my day
i am learning the guitar very quickly. it is coming natyourally
Going to chyourch in the morning . . . happy mommas day almost
http/yfrog.com/0guyoj bonfires are my fave!
I know my sunshine did wonderful today  I had an alright day! Text me twitterers.
@ExocetAU i always have those for my Champions League parties  Tis awesome
it is 11:11  make a wish
Grilled chicken ,  broccolli ,  and water.  Yummy and healthy. Well until I put butter on my veggies but whatever
@aoibhe   well ,  I could not get a real clear shot ,  but i have  got the best I could . . . silly people walking through the admitting of the ER . . . 
@heyit ischeryl ooh like what  ?   i am planning on spending the night in as well
watchin family guy
(L) ice grande half-sweet French vanilla soy milk from Starbucks means summaa is coming  ! ! ! 
@KarlaaM_ A blouse! ahahaha I gave her money and she went to get it!  Where is your mom  ?    ?  
Thanks to @ksatnews and @doublepunching for the updates on tonight votes.
@bumblebeex0 awesome! maybe somedayi will find a book of yours on the bestsellers list  ?   lol
I had an amazing night with my friends ! ! !   now I am losing my voice!
@sweetdee15 your peanut butter soup was amazing and so was everything else!  your soup was just a higher form of amazing
@tuffyr that is cute ,  a manly cute of coyourse.  reminds me of a Scion
happy mother is day
@BeDi amples Lmao di amples naww thats cute  ,  ok ill try to remember first of winter is di ample day
Smoking Maryjane is my favorite thing to do  speaking of i ama name my daughter Maryjane Lakoda. Lakoda is mrijuana is latin3
listening to the falling rain . . . lalala
Strawberry margaritas + baked stuffed shri amp =
Makeup + cute dress = i am ready to go
it is a beautiful , albeit ,  windy at ti ames ,  night in So No . . . 
@DanWarp Shut Up was the line removed from the locker scene! I bet I could recite that speech easily! Dare me  ?  !  ?  !
Figyoured out twitter for my phone
@BeccyR it is a program that shows all Twitter and Facebook status updates all in one . .  it is alright ,  but yeah probably will not use it often
A slice of pizza ,  a movie (Star Trek) ,  and a shared hot fudge sundae @ Sundae House. Satyourday nights are Date Nights again
A gift to myself. PUBLISHED! Episode 68 Align and Re-Align with Sensitivity Level 1-2 75 min #yoga class  http/bit.ly/8QAgh
I just put my TV on the Canucks game and they score  yaay come on VanCity baby (I know ,  I can not believe i am watching hockey either)
JONAS was absolutely heartwarming. Now ,  ti ame for bed. Goodnight!  @Jonasbrothers
@DanielleAdalis the ending is te funniest ,  you  will see.  @JonasBrothers you know paranoif is always stuck in my head  ?    ?   Love it.
such a fun night with Bekah just talkin and stuff. Wuv her
lucky to be where i belong
Just got home from a day of pampering and shopping ! ! ! ! My white outfit is now totally complete
@Coodieranks Thats nice. My cousin just left my house. He has daughter is their all daddy is girls. So sweet
alone @ home . . .  nice  very nice!!
@Claymoore for syoure! You and your wife seem like cool cats.
is hanging out with the roomies. I adore the 4 gentlemen I live with. Great people and a good talk when discussing boy issues!!
woah! I Love the new twitter app! So many new things to do. just got finished watching Jon4Lakers video on this and it was good.
what fun!  I got retweeted by a bot
@e__O lol but tiz a good song
Star trek was good ti ames.
Crawling into bed super happy that the Penguins won tonight
@jti amberlake love the new website
@Dynamomagician Dude you are awesome
@penguinsnews Go Pens go ,  Gino Wins it for the Pens
@ayanakamyoura0428 so excited for you and Paris ooh lala  i look forward to knowing you a long long ti ame lovely ! hugs n kisses g
loves John Mayer is updates.  And modeling in the hot sun . . .  and being sweaty . . .  jk. But seriously . . . 
Doin the Damn Thing Here at the Crib . . Bout to Watch Star Trek . . .  Yup
@Teresamerica oh yeah he IS!   . .  you should see hi am when he REALLY gets going! LOL  . .  does not care WHO does not like it heheheheh GREAT!
watching beauty  the beast  haha
Thanks to good friends for coming out ,  hanging out and being oyour ears out there ,  you know who you are
@justinphillip. Awesome!  what kind  ?  
Nice win by the Dodgers ,  8-0 over Giants
Parrrtty! . . Playing twister and getting tipsy! . . . well everyone else is lol
whoohoo! just went to get movies and junk food  it is a womens night mwahaha 
got it  ?   good. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
@JanieceLincoln Ha . . .  Totally go for it. You are a joyournalism major ,  so it is a perfect fit.
@alidg take me with you ! ! !   Have fun!
Watching One Fine Day while eating my cereal. Start a good sunday with a good movie
is going to be in Cincinnati all day Sunday . . . visitin '  with an old friend/brother from Korea ,  then a date with someone special
@Shaunie_O Awesome! My family owns it . . . The Flowers . .  and we love having your kids there! They seem to have lots of fun!!
@josieinthecity LOL!  good men watch the flicks w/us and just sigh!  this is a good flick so far it is called Because I Said So
@IncredibleLAGO I would be soo honoyoured if u cld chk out my beats ,  perhaps sm advice on wat I nd to do 2 i amprove da overall sound of my music
@thatswhack74 aww that is sweet! i made a home made card and i wrote her a song . . .    it was not that much but oh well . . 
at dancing . . . waiting for my tyourn  hope i get my newww cd with the funky reel music todayy ! ! ! 
@CocoDishman wasssup cocoliciousness ! ! !  I knew u didn ' t recognize me!  how is your daughter  ?  
@4everBrandy looks like your having fun
my two new favorite prayers:  help me ,  help me ,  help me.  and thank you ,  thank you ,  thank you.
@avenue_a The rocky kind! With little rockpools  octopi  shells  stuff. Now I want to be at the beach. it is the perfect overcast day.
Thanks! carry on the craziness again ! ! ! 
2026 2164 6790 9128  Add me up and lets play something.
@vogleratmizzou yay about breaking 200!
@MariahCarey Happy mother is day to Ms. Pat Carey
@MaryCateOMalley Like the Si ampsons  ?   That is like asking ,  so you like breathing  ?  
Pinkberry
FOOOOOD  yummy so. whose washing the dishes now   ?   NOT ME ! not i  . .     rofl
@chrissinicole I guess thats just how I am lol
@peacelovekelly and we will all eat it and be happy
another bday w a special friend
Just watched the movie The Holiday. I had forgotten what a feel good movie it was!  Lovely evening.
Just at Starbucks with Farrah!
Going for a ride! Perfect night to go out and chill
Had a nice dinner with mom! i have  started the chicken rolls. They are going to cook overnight. The resti will do tomorrow.
please check out www.mysweetebony.com and lmk what you think   . . .  my first paysite  . . .  post up your site too!
i need to see @betsycon7 . . . now! someone buy me a plane ticket ,  please  ?  
is NOT watching Star Trek tonight. But is heading to a lovely dinner and fun board games night with @chrisweis
Watching one of my fav movies Sparkle  + go get food later!
Listening to dashboard confessional  counting down the days until the @varsityfc concert on May 16th with @ashgoz
@coleryanx yes LOL that is good one .remeber that bottoms are always the top .
@BabyPatches I had a very good day - lots of stretching and sleeping in the sun
Margaritas with my Momo. i have  missed her.
@Pamela_Edwards Heh heh. Odd but amusing. Thanks!
@PaulaCampbell Happy Mothers Day Paula
@Personal_Trainr Thanks for the link.  It made me smile
@Joannah11 i have  had @hempware for a while now ,  just in case. And yeah ,  I start work there again tomorrow. Very excited
@CrysWinchester HAHAAH! Crys ,  you blowing the fuses is a typical move
@Pamluther I would like to put your fruity article on my website if you  will permit
Feet hyourt . . . finally in bed . . . will not forget this crunch when it is over . . . very very productive day today though
Wearing pyourple with a passion by OPI and I absolutely love it!!
http/twitpic.com/4wc1y - Cracking myself more  more up . .   PhootoBoothingisFunForBunny Volumen Eins!
Today was fun  I 3 meeting boardies! The acoustic set was just soo phenomenal!
Ti ame for bed!  Hope your satyourday was as lovely as mine was . . . 
watching my new season eleven dvd
JONAS rocked tonight!  going to bed after I write a lil bit . . .  Night and bless all
@Kevin_AnR_Shine Feeling pretty good. You should check this out http/www.myspace.com/bigcitymonkey Just saying.
okay the new jonas episode was awesome
Back in New Mexico again! Happy Mothers day to you mothers out there!
@vardenrhode Many thanks ,  mate
LIVE FROM NEW YORK it is SATyourDAY NIGHT!  finally a new one
had a lovely breakfast with mum . . . yummy pancakes
@johncmayer Haha your humor makes me happy
My inner desire is to go to an isle in the middle of the Mediterranean to soak up the sun; Good night . . .  as I dream that inner desire.
finally packed . . . thinking it is ti ame for some sleep! Ready for Chicago!
@teamwinnipeg  Gerry ,  THANK YOU for following me! . . help spread the news . . . fyourther . . . I think this will be cool . . . thank u thank u thank u!
is obsessing over chris pine  heehee . . . 
oh my god   @nicolekennedy i found it  thnx
@mrs_nickj07 Um . . . Nicks Voice , Smile , Eyes , Laugh , and Hes a Great Rolemodel
started a great mother is day season!
@Hstreet96 always good to see you - even in cyberspace
@AliciaWag hehe - about NZ being the most magical place on Earth.
@Jakpedz you should come out!!
Jumping i am the shower after a long day of work  it shall feel ahmazing I CAN MATH!
@yourboyH thank you broooooooo ! ! ! ! i have  been out of the twitter loop today!
@ Butlers watching Dr. Farmer rock out w/ the hispanic Ji ammy Hendrix  . . .  drinking Cosmos
OMJ! The 3rd episode of Jonas is too great! They are so funny. I wish I was the Pizza Girll. Lol 3
has decided NOT TO GO TO UNI TODAY!  http/plyourk.com/p/su0yr
Finally off work ! ! ! 
@DonGeroni amo dear michael sorce ,  you crack me up! sincerely ,  me
@laniew the exact one i was thinking of  the bestttt.
 ' Cause you have that effect on me ,  you do   ?     ?  Cyourrently loving Hey Monday. Thanks a lot ,  @alexrellosa.
11.40 AM. I do not  wanna wake up. Shoo ,  roommate ,  shoo.
@glorianatheband hey guys!! saw you in st. louis and LOVED you . .  would you ever play in CT  ?    ?   i met you outside after and u were SO NICE!!
@slashfilm peter!! follow me!! oh and have fun in eyourope!
I painted my nails metallic blue but Im really syoure about how it looks ,  it is a pretty weird color!! I think it is cool
@bella456  i am going to my inlaws tonight.  hopefully my new niece will be there!  who needs kids when my inlaws have them all for me!
Going to Jack is for dinner with my BFF!
You should retweet others good tweets at least 10 a day to get involved into things at twitter
SNL with Justin Ti amberlake!
@cowpunkmom Sweet deal! I so want to see that movie! Methinks we may have to do a Star Trek movie night some ti ame ,  hmm  ?  
had a awesome day!
live long and prosper  #fb
Noticed Wellwood has all his teeth in tonight ,  that is nice
oh my god  . . .  Folding my laundry and matched ALL socks to it is perfect pair!  Good laundry folding day it is
Everyone going to the hometown show is excited they get to go on Thames Street. i am GONNA SEE THE ORIGINAL THAMES RIVER ,  BITCH. ohhhh.
@vulcansmuse @lorirusso still waiting to have a beer with Moldovan. At least he is happy I came.
THE CyourIOUS CASE OF BENJAMIN BUTTON ! ! ! !! i am so excited about this fucking movie
After sleeping in  the rest of the day was busy. however ,  I got to spend the last of it with my favorite babysittee (the kids are great!).
@mundah and i am really glad you were able to watch the game
@WatchMeRise youre very welcome . . . you deserve it!!
@Roqayah good morning
had a GREATTTTTT day    taking Liz home now. 3
@missSHANNAbaby YAY  u get to see ddub again  those 5 men always keep me happy  motivated
Is enjoying staying in the house today
Ouutside in the city talkin to trey trey  i misssed hi am
i would take the    ?     ?     ?   s out the sky for you
@MrsTravisBennet it is cool.  i am glad everyone had a nice date night.  Maybe one day ill get one too.
is excited about so R and R for mother is day
just about to go home. i am usually  ' mr. positive '  but this has been one of those daze. well ,  15 mins until tomorrow!
@Peacehippie04 is a loser baha ,  dude! i am gonna come  put those pictyoures on my myspace really quick!
@ChynaDollxo  Na my friend . .  why  ?   you ask  is it my great physique lol
Archuleta  Cook will arrive in 2 days!!
@QueenSapphyre So ! ! !  Why should that matter  ?   I bet you would be GREAT at it! I do ! ! !  it is what you love ,  right  ?   Why not go for it!
@PANICit isLeslie Aww that is still awesome. You had fun though I can assume.
Moveout should be fun. Thank you VT students for working to make VT the best that it can possibly be
@Metqueen sounds awesome . . 
@erichalvorsen @LorenBrinton @nicksantino i say you all toyour again. same lineup . . . with austin gibbs!
@katevoegele that was an amazing concert ! ! !  got some really good video and pictyoures
@MrsBlue23 it is been reli gdd ty it is 4.50am lol and i am not sleeping  but i am watching tv alls good lol how was yours  ?  
@jerwjr Thank you!  i am working on @ddlovato is
http/twitpic.com/4wdgr - Yay! i am a blonde again!! I feel so girly
@amoonchilde  Thank you!  Tomorrow is my b-day too! I tease my Mom and tell her I was her Mother is Day gift.
is up. moooooorning!  http/plyourk.com/p/su3dg
Ha ,  syoure  hey ,  text me normal. 512 718 4879
sleep ti ame  big/little lunch tomorrow at olive garden
Thanks for the concern ,  guys. A few stitches later ,  all is well. Whew.
now accepting maid applications.  would be nice if you would start first thing tomorrow - would make a wonderful Mother is Day present!
Having dinner @ Rainforest Cafe with Layoura.
59 may be my new FAV number ! ! ! 
@rowansong  ! ! !  it is fantastic!
@coyourseofhistory Vancouver ,  so classy.  #canucks
@Jinxie_G yup - that is where I watch all my movies
@valerie2776 Quite a few. Peacocks and Oceanographer is Choice are my new favorites to play
@Samantha797 Yay! Tell her I said congrats
@Mary_R_Roberts I LOOK forward to seeing and sharing
More pictyoures! It was such a pretty day  http/tr.i am/kWOD #fb
Nighty night Twit is! Tty in the morning . . . 
@WildFlowerSweet lol . . .  hell yeah!
Bad words are a crutch ,  they lead to tattoos and peircings!  Hahahaha!
@bwmson And so very you.  You know I say it w/ nothing but love ,  dude.
Happy Mother is Day!
Just saw Star Trek! It was AMAZING! Seriously ,  so good. The entire cast was excellent ,  Spock and Kirk especially.  I want to see it again.
@SRMPROMOINC lol ,  sounds fun
what a fantastic satyourday
watching Justin Ti amberlake on SNL
had a fun ti ame at the concert!  almost got a pictyoure with Taylor Momsen ,  freakin next in line then she left!
just watched yes man. bahaha. that movie is messed up
@Ki amKardashian saw you today! So BEAUTIFUL!! You looked so good! Glad to see the wonderful tyournout!
got a new prom dress
The horoscopes website I use has all changed around  I like it!
Love ,  laughter ,  creativity.
@MathewDavid iknowww! Not many people know about it tho. So I like to keep it my little secret
@mattmccoy Interview! 177 views! 22 away from 200!! Thanx for reading ppl!!  http/tiny.cc/GmKbT #mattmccoy
@Mansyour_Rahal Thing about living is that there are always undeveloped pictyoures in your futyoure.
@HannaHassan go to mid valley la boobs  haha! never mind la ,  i do not  wanna go with you anyways
Heading downtown! Drinks and dancing!!
http/twitpic.com/4wdui - She is so festive aint '  she hehe
@JenAlaniz do not  worry you will have Ava to distract you on the flight
played okami for 14 hoyours today
Just spent the evening at a gala for her high school drama company is 20th anniversary. Lots of memories
lol . . . my neighbors must think i am nuts . . . for #canucks
@Custardcuppcake how is Aussie . . . i am hopin to be there in Sydney in less than a week just got my VISA on thyoursday whoot whoot
@coyourrtneyyy Thank you so much  Me neitherrrr!
@DonyaMaries oh absolutely!  I cant wait for the lettuces to come up.
@dzaniff I was searching for interesting people on twitter then i found yours and the link of your blog was posted on your profile.
@Ms_Nigeria oh yeah I know  We met when I was taking out the trash ,  hhaha
http/twitpic.com/4we51 - summer is here.
@karinphillips it is because you are popular
Be syoure to let the moms you know how fabulous you think they are!!   Almost Mother is Day.
@di amples_03 He  will know Tupac lyrics too!
@howie_d Wish Leigh a Happy Mother is Day for me! it is midnight in NY
@mkeguy69 thank you  have a great weekend
super excited
Ok that mother fucking duet was hysterical LOL
Aight ,  pau au ' au . . .  Heading to the Blaisdell Arena for the Ladies of the 80 is concert ! ! !  CheeHee . . .  Awwrrite ! ! ! 
LOL. thank WHIT ! ! ! 
Looking forward to Sunday b/c the weather should be warm and sunny
@ShaylaSenzafine haha . . yeah . . 10th of May . . lol . . i am greeting in advance! haha
Watching Ace of Cakes: LOST edition omfgggg
@Jgyourl804 thanks ! ! ! 
@lizziechristine Thank you so much  Miss you toooo!
@emilyorshan hahaha i have a bob marley one
I like this bride is sense of humor ,  she wore this wedding gown once . . . by accident!  http/bit.ly/Tnshf
wants to greet all the mom is out there a Happy Mothers Day ! ! !  May you enjoy your day!!
@BaybeehDoll No u miss me  ! ! ! !! LOL
Happy Mother is Day to all to all the wonderful moms out there.  -Matalatine
getting off for the night ,  in such a great mood!
@rockonrebelchld Happy mother is day to you as well!  Have a good one!
best part of that movie was that kirk was a total babe
I hope my mom enjoys her Mother is Day gift
ang payat ko na ,  yes! hoping to go down to my Melboyourne weight from last year  http/plyourk.com/p/su622
http/twitpic.com/4wehl - graduation pic
@4everBrandy nice captyoure
@AmbersAlerts loli will have to look on youtube later  thanks
2night- dance parties ,  fun ti ames ,   awkward situations  highlight- driving w/ ni ams and annie listening to satellite windows downnnn
@tncc24 - so sweet  why are not you out livin '  it up this satyourday night  ?  
Had a great day with the moms and sis  really makes ya appreciate those days
back home with my puppyy
@slinkawoogie i am so honored to hear my name on a Breezy track  hope u liked my shit! #drunk_bowling
@sharonhayes #twappy http/bit.ly/D9qVk
@tiny1877 Oh no! I guess i am officially a big nerd now. I heard the movie is great even if you do not  like Trek . . .  and I do
@JessicaCorban stellar! You 2 look great
Falling asleep while listening to James Taylor
can not wait for tomorrow ! it is finally over ! Bittersweet for syoure
HAPPY MOTHER is DAYYYY ! ! ! 
@greenpolkadot99 u go to profile then ill help u from there cause your right next to me ! ! !  he he he
@loadedman look at my background that is how I want my futyoure date to be like  (well if I ever get hi am).
thanks mom ,  we love you too.
Haha. Lacey just shutdown the livestream. Party ti ame
@EPLisa diapers  ?    ?    Feeding  ?    Cooking  ?    I do not  do any of that stuff ! ! !   Hahaha . . .  yeah ,  right!  Sounds like a normal day for me.
Downtown drinking celebrating the cavs victory ! ! ! 
Gotta be at chyourch by ten for camera meeting  Finally!! =D lol
@clairezee86 fo sho ,  i am down
@QUEENCHINAB He seemed all happy about it
Took the dog to the off-leash park today. He overheated then ran and laid in the only mud puddle there and splashed around. Was amusing
thelma  louise ,  Good movie.
@HarleyPlays you and @dezzy88 are both baitersss  hope tonight is fun!
Congratulations Mr. Jay-el and Mrs. Maricar Chu! Wish you all the best in the world!
@ai ameesays aww i hope it does fly by because JT episodes are usually really good (and it is early but so far this ep hassn ' t disappointed)
Happy Mother is Day to all mothers!
@Mj69Catz thanks  let me know which print from my gallery you would like ,  and we can work the details out
Goodnight  PS- thanks for jailbreaking my iPod ,  stacie 3
@Krystania thanks.mine was not too bad. Made a card for my mom ,  had a nice nap ,  finished some work ,  wrote bills ,  I have a syourprise for you
@jpblogger Nothing like RocknRolla which is another good film with rock in the title
i am really happy . . . and drunk  but really happy
Just got home from a wonderful day with my family!!  I had so much fun today.
@Cohoons_World LOL! poor cubbies! brewers on a roll  ?    ?   my rangers lost ,  but my Leafs won!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIES
happy mothers day. ekin sayang mak ! ! ! 
Fuzzball is more fun than Mother is Day  http/tinyyourl.com/dhpol7
chatting with some of my old classmates ,  hellyeah fun but we have some of very weird conversation haha. @dyankaaa hello  ?   bbm lo error ya  ?  
@kluless65 I am doing fantastic JJJ!  You  ?   Doing your questions already  ?   teacher is pet!!
Just got a bunch of presents in the mail from my mama! So excited to open them on my birthday . . .  3 more days!
just got back from cheescake factory boy oh boy are my guts stuffed
@MichaelNi Ooh ,  I love sweet potato fries! We should definitely go.
just met Sarah Kelly . . .  wow . . .  she is an amazing woman of God!  and she gave me a free t-shirt!  gotta love free merch
Very content with my life at the moment
A little happy for the wine jeje ok it ism my free ti ame so who cares ,  jaja i love this day
@misscruisette Glad you like!
@joannarobbins You are  ispot on '  . . . I wouldn ' t tweet without it!! Thanks for your share tonight.
@casndra okayy mail me thenn  Lol i am hyperrr too much candy  Jello x]
@Desert_Paradise Hi Dale ,  your welcome man! Hope your weekend is going well. I think I would enjoy your Desert Paradise! fun ,  fun ,  fun!
hungraaaaaaaaay.i will just eat. do not  go away Twitter! @whatchandrasaid LUNCH.
@PrinceJamir thanks for the follow bro!
@james_a_michael CUTE  thanks for sharing! AND PLEASE Direct Message ME before you go to bed James   you know you want to!
Roxy was right. This palmade stuffs pretty cool
Hi this is http/gayorbispace.com We hope everybody is having a safe  fun weekend
Thanks Synn!
@AceArtemis7 well nothing. I can give you a pen.
Just got home from dinner with my mommy and my new grandma. I would rather be in Hollywood right now
Art show at dee is place!! Woohoooo.
just saw ghosts of girlfriends past with my bf ,  that movie was so predictable but so funny! i loved it
Fun webcamming with caroooo
i had a dream last night ,  and i was singing  first avid dream of myself crooning away!
http/twitpic.com/4wff3 - Got these pretty sweet stickers from @refyousuck
@bbelle_ yeah ,  just knew hi am because of your link  HE is COMPLETELY AMAZING AND HE SINGS PHANTOM!
I am soo happy! Thank you baby for the best 1095 days of my life
@barnaby3 I saw them a few on this toyour a few months ago in Boston. So good! Glad you finally got to see them
@oliviathiem thank you. We had a blast
Good show ,  sleepyti ame. Goodnight moon
tiiiiiiired! Going to bed! Drinking leads to making out with boys ,  who you later forget their names . . .  do not  drink kids. Goodnight
Korean music festival 33 i miss you ): Hahaha sexy ti ame !  3 can not wait till SHINee ! LOL !
love it when jonas brothers are in the trending topics. maybe taylors tyourn next
exhausted ,  sore and sunbyournt. but i am really happy
Happy Mother is Day to all my fellow Montreal Blockheads who are moms i will join the club . . . one day! LOL
Just starting integrating Twitter with Forexforums.org  . . .  looks like a great partnership!  I welcome all to oyour chat room tomorow all day
Happy Mother is Day to all you moms out there
Finishing this giraffe ,  then getting some sleep. Super excited about tomorrow!
@kelsie_marie1 hey beautiful whats up  ?  
@arielm27 Happy happy birthday
@ocell great to hear you saw Slumdog Millionaire! And yes ,  that is a Bollywood thing at the end
@shufflebite i am gunna juhs so it is another way to talk ta yu  3
craving a king sized snickers
Tomorrow is Mother is Day! What did you get for your moms  ?  ! If you do not  have a gift ,  just tell her that you love her.
@IlanRubin Freaking awesome job tonight! You seem to really be having a lot of fun. I have some pictyoures I wanna send you . . 
@yfeandipoo i am sooooo excited to see you also love . . . .let the craziness begin  7 daysssssss YAHOOOO
Went to friend is house to watch some good old season 1 episodes of Supernatyoural 3 Damn I love this show soo fucking much
@ssnape Yes ,  though perhaps I was not thinking. I like vague. It seems a popper term for you.
@Gilamuffin Sounds like a good ti ame ,  very nice of you.  Did you see hi am ,  when he played at the Rio or Aladdin  ?   i have  seen hi am live ,  3 ti ames
@BoyceAvenue hey guys it is leann. . i dont know if you remember me but i just wanted to say that i am very excited to see you guys go far
@robdyrdek my husband wears the same shirt all the ti ame ,  think you can send some of that this way  ?    ?  
@ChesterBaker Really laughing out loud! Seeing a li amo in front of MacDonalds is just to funny!
satyourday night live is amazing  makes me laff lalala  i will always love this show  ti amberlake is sketches are always funny 3
Beautiful day  Northwest River Park for Mother is Day then movie night. Chyourch tomorrow is going to be insane! I can not wait
@CARAciao haha  i started yesterday my dad helped me so much ! ! ! 
@LaniNicole Yeh yeh. I would switch to Cingular ,  but I have more friends on T-Mobile. Free minutes ,  yo.
@iamchrisc haha  cute. ps thanks for the reply made my day haha
Star trek was SOOOOO AWESOME ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !!Spock and Kirk were hillarious ! ! !   i am seeing it again. sooon.
trying to figyoure this twitter thing out!   i am quite excited about it
Barack Obama is a legend ,  just watched his dinner speach ,  it was pretty funny
@m1dnightc1ty I do too!! Sounds interesting
playing 20 questions with Chris
@danielradcliffe Sunday and Mother is day!
Looking forward for orange juice and fried eggs and cinnamon rolls tomorrow morning!!
had a great night with friends
@MissJia  Word. Yayy twitter after dark lol.
Baking experi ament results: delicious ,  very sweet ,  very rich.  Almost too sweet.
@JonathanRKnight awww such a sweetie. hope your mom has a wonderful mother is day too
Styourday night live
@JonathanRKnight you  chicken soup i will be good!
@LKnerl yes we must I had so much fun at SXSW with you guys  PJ party in my room
@CloverandBee YEA!! Way to go! Super excited for a great Midwest resoyource ! ! !  Midwest pride!
@kellykleinwi okay ,  thanks!
Watching SNL. Awhh ,  Chris Pine is a cutieee
TodaY was better. My Panda can eally cheer me up. I dont know ,  I am Happy ,  Like the legit happy.
Ok all have hit the point of relaxation . .  heading to bed  sleep well and Happy Mother is day to all you Moms out there!! Night
@bunnyrenee thank you
May 10 is Human Kindness Day.
Just finished down loading Ai am6.9 and guess what! I can get updates from Twitter on it!  Message me at: i am katie arttt
Fun is being had.
I think I would be a good radio dj . . . I like awesome music and I have a great personality ! ! ! !    ! ! !     ! ! ! 
making german apple slice  nom nom nom
Thank god for Starbucks
@GoodNightIrene Thanks lady!!
@Clara_miss my best friend won tickets to see them from kiis fm!
Working on oyour baseball fundraiser  Get 10 % percent off Platium or Diamond wedding package if you let us know you saw us on Twitter!
@abiFACE thanks for havin us overrr!
@JonathanRKnight hey babe ,  happy to hear from you again on twitter  the today show was AMAZING!!
I had so much fun tonight!! But i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep
Prolly going to Jamba Juice in thirty minutes  ,  shop for awhile then hit the airport and see my daddddd.
Choir banquet was more than I could ' ve ever dreamed.   i am so happy! Now after party at Layouren is ! ! ! 
is about to Camp Rock with @meltrev  daddy  YAY!
fireworks @ KBOOM concert . . .  second best i have  ever seen . . . preceded only by last year is show 2008 sigh
@whiteangle We held out ,  Japanese people were making origami ani amals for Darcy   Had a great ti ame ,  amazing place!
maybe he could drill a hole in me  ?    LOL    OH SNAP!  (sorry could not resist)
Ok ,  4 Star Trek fans have given the new movie good reviews  getting very excited ! ! ! 
Will be going to Indiana Baptist Sunday ,  Pray for summer missionaries . . . 
@LeEyecandy hahaha. I think you are pretty far from me. Maybe next ti ame though
@gemstwin Granny ,  Linda will be happy.
thinks castles are fun
@MsKnit isox thanks amy ,  it is full of hotness
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
Drinks  din w/ Amy and Lori
Welcome aboard to 5 new followers  Thanks ,  i am honored.
had an awsome salad! I recommend getting the Spicey buffalo chicken salad!
oh my god oodness FINALLY back from dinner with the fam bam!
NITE PEOPLES ! ! ! !!
Today is not lost
@Jonasbrothers It is absolutely incredible. it is official: My FAVORITE JONAS is FRANKIE. He is the man
another fun night!!  chilled wit my homie @ green tyourtle n the park . . . good ti ames . . . good ti ames.
@remzology it was amazing but due to ti ame constraints could only visit the meadows and pine forest. Shall post i amages later.
I had a GREAT night with Justine and the boys and all the westconn people I met tonight haha
@Merlene Cool! You are in the 5-figyoure-Tweeter Club.
@HilHolla have fun on flashy fed hill . . i am syoure you are i amported cheeto eating ass will fit in lol
@freshalina @it ismeAmerie Hey everyone! I just mixed the first single . . . !  Why R U  . . . i am sooo excited!
@ki amberlynicole Yay ! ! !  i am so happy you got to meet her!
@XKirstyxo haha  I love Dnt Regret It Now with Tyga 3 But just randomly ,  DeLeon sings on Tifanny Blews! Haha like one line . .  XD
@ultraviolet10 the only thing I know about star trek is the joke from tina fey is twitter ,  may the 4th be with you
What a great night.
http/twitpic.com/4wgoi - At bus boys and poets ordering medici and white chocolate banana bread pudding @kspidel!!
I love my job. getting some REAL sleep. Icing the birthday cake in the morning!
http/twitpic.com/4wgoq - The Beach was phenomenal 2day
@totallyapple Here ,  have fun with this: http/bit.ly/PlNm4
just got home from all states honors choir ,  the 9 hoyour drive payed off ,  it was amazinggggg!
@Ethan2Rock Thanks for the heads up ,  Ethan. Watching it now
@clighty Invite them to your house instead
@TheQuietOne35 so it went well.  Andrea
going to bed.   goodnight
@having hot cuppa coffee made with milk  fortified with Monin is Irish Coffee syrup! Bliss!
@daftlikejack it seems totally awesome to me! you know ,  two real reasons for celebrating.
great day/night with my gabberss
@mikeprasad noticed that yesterday too . . . i am actually really happy about that  #StarTrek
@iamdakota oh cool you are gonna be in van   ?   thats cool i live in victoria. well your pree awesome girl
@karlixpaz Hmm . . .  it is a miracle you are using twitter ,  and it is fun . . .  so . . .  Tweet!
@anyamarina that was funny! LOVED IT! I almost fell for it. Haha
@AlohaZen do u hav a garden  ?   bunny probs r decidedly uncool.   thanks 4d link!
So much news on more Android based devices - especially on T-Mobile. i am all giddy and can not wait  (starts saving up) #android #tmobile
@Warmnfuzzy Re-direct that energy into creating men is jewelry.    And frequent walks too.
@mahnameisjerik0 THANK YOU
Subway always tastes better when some-one else pays for it  http/tinyyourl.com/re5s5h
writing a song
@Nora_78 Elaine is my online mommy too. She gives good advice.
I am back from the best party ever
@promisetangeman you are such a beautiful bride! you are gonna love the married life. it absolutely rocks! congrats to you both.
happy mother is day!
on my way home from ny . . . then sleeping
http/twitpic.com/4wh0o - My mommys gummy mothers day posterrr!
just got home from the City Lights show  yeahhh!
@ninjen Really enjoying Drown in My Own Tears
Had an awesome pedicyoure today!!
@MrCartersNyourse  congratulations for your mom for tomorrow ! buenas noches
@HeatherNKOTBFan Knight . . . sweet dreams.
Happy mama is day to all the mamas.
@beccamorte Oooh ,  neat!  Yes ,  SF has such good food.  Again ,  so jealous of all you SF people.
@AllanGoesDMB I listen to it alot at work.  Damn good show!
finally got my own set of keys for the store. how should i celebrate  ?  
Happy Mother is Day . .  To All The MommiiEs Owt Theaa . . .   ii Think ii Got Thaa Hang Of ThiiS ThiiNg . .  Yay ! ! ! 
live long and prosper !  lol star trek was the best!
http/twitpic.com/4whaf Tonight is art show was a success.
happy happy joy joy    is that good enough for you
is wishing good night everybody
Birthday was awesome!On video:my daughter opening last gift screaming in joy ,  My  Birthday Wish Came True !!could not have been better.
@TinaS71 It was fun meeting you too Tina!  We  will definitely do it again soon.
feeling nice . . .  got a big ass smile on my face for no reason  @mralister take my ass to sleep right  ?   lol
happy motherss dayyyy  so my sister decided to make lunch . . . hmph. but i decorated the house !  andd then i danced and sang hahaa
Just finished watching the last of Star Wars
happpppy mothers day
@AClockworkToad awww! thats sweet TTT!  i am syoure she will love it! your a good son!
finally ,  holiday.
@dbgrady lol that was a great movie
Ti ame for me to go to sleep! it is almost 1am. Night everyone! Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
going to sleep. big beach day tommorow. love you guys. nite.
o/ * \o (high five) to all of oyour fans! it is finally here!i will write up a fancy news post shortly ,  wanted to get the mod it iself out ASAP
@dtatusko thank. will do.  you always make me chatty! night!
@TXP2 hi there ,  nice to meet you
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS EXSPECIALLY MINE  LOVE YOU MOMMY
Had the super massive sandwich mom made last night , Ohh. It was yummy . .  Btw ,  Happy Mother is Day mom!!
@sydeni_f_babei best two seconds of the movie
@LeonceN I have it.  Hehehehe u want the torrent  ?  
Thank you guts for 360 followers! It means a lot!
@Ginchan: AWW! Thank you honey . .  Didja get mommy a daddy  ?  
Taco Bell With The Tramp!Yesssssir
i am glad i can make sumone smile
@lovejones83 haha LOL  no one is effing cool as you ,  you got the Wu-Tang and P.E. t-shirts! You are gorgeous + represent at the same ti ame
@JanisJ1212 have notlaughed that much in awhile
about to drink a hot chocolate  yummy.
Just had some delicious sushi from niko niko on vermont and hollywood  mm
overall ,  tonight is snl = epic win.
HAPPY MOTHER is DAY to my Mom ,  and every Mom everywhere.  Off for a stroll at the Beaches later--hopefully . . . 
just had a great dinner with my wonderful girlfriend.
@Mingo123 SUFFICATION NO BREATHING. it is okay. There  will be more. You are invited to mine ,  but I can not promise fun ti ames.   *  Jinx
@oschmid14 How cool is that!   Thank you so much!   luv it!
Playing with my puppy
I love my Boogah! Can anyone contain Lebron James  ?    Talk about so sick
Tribal Cafe.  Watermelon slush.  Natalie singing.  Ashleys birthday.  Love all around
I want cookies for breakfast! Luckily i am an adult and can do that!
LOL oh my god  @MissKeriBaby replied back to me out of all ppl!! thank
lol! woow okay it is not that big of a deal
Anthony is pretty wicked too.
@layourenmontonen I DIDDDD. I MET THEM AGAIN
Just watched Star Trek. A+! That was so well done. I think i am down to see it again. Who wants to join me  ?  
@dmaul53854 yus!  he was really nice
Home. Tired. Phone then bed.   Good night tweeters ,  happy mothers day!
Off to bed - I have a hot date with Sudoku and maybe a chapter or two reading if I can stay awake that long. Have a great night tweeps!
@WordyDirts Thanks  your my first lol
@Vengenz1 It was a lovely attempt at poetry!
watching greys anatomy and just about to take blueberry muffins out of the oven mmm yummy  finished geoggers study notes yay!!
loving phuket with melai and badette.i will be coming home soon  i amiss everyone
ok.  i got my nails done to day an the are sweet.
@Jai amie_tv LOL no girl i am only 17! Too young for college! But yay congrats to us  where does downtown graduate at  ?  
LOVED AP Toyour in Columbus ,  OH last night! i am still exhausted! Goin to bed now so sweet dreams!! gnight!!
@MeredthSalenger your so cute . . i am a fan of Dream A Little Dream ,  This Kiss and appearances like in Dawson is Creek  Make more flicks!
Rey Mysterio is so awesome
@princessdeleon AWESOME! It feels very fulfilling ,  does not it  ?    i am gonna work on SOOOO many people over the summer! Totally excited!
just woke up ,  having coffee ,  listening to Music ,  reading RSS . . . Sunday feels great
just had an awesome Girl Scout Day at Dodger stadium with two awesome olympic athletes Joanna Hayes and Heather Bown!  And we won!
beach . . . yummy steak and catching up on  ' lost '  with my man . . . lovely day
@CiaoBella50 Evening! How are you this Sat night  ?  
@meesabythewater thank you so much
@LindzluvsNKOTB i am not going on the cruise. Wish I was ,  but i am just going on vacation. Thanks though
making margaritas and about to watch Milk. Good ti ames
Just ordered henna!i will be a redhead again in a few weeks.
@Dog_EaredPages Yay!  I can not wait to come in the bookstore and gets some new books
@em1234 hahhaha indeed  kinda like the spoon . . .  hahaha
@johncmayer That widewale coyourdyouroy  will get ya everyti ame!
is drinking. Yay!
@SouthPhilly_Mel thanks that was nice of u and I appreciate u
@NightShade10 Wooops! Meant I agree with Boomstone . . trying 2 reply 2 both ,  LOL. Happy Mothers Day to you as well!  TTY soon!
Watching the Twins handle the Mariners again!! Whoo-hoo ! ! !   Tony http/www.trustyfotografie.com
@AClockworkToad yw ,  it gets really hot there in the middle of the summer like 110+ but right now it is perfect! and less then an hoyour away.
@QueenofSpain Good night Erin!  i wouldn ' t say that this is early or that you are old.
that was reallly good
Spending QT with the hubby
haha so bored . . . but happy mothers day!
Going to bed! Happy mother is day for every mom here!
@Buchautor thanks for the follow friday
@ashleynewcomb Oh yeah ,  lots of rambly goodness. LOL You have mail.  Bed  ?   This is early for me.  Probably why i am an insomniac ,  huh  ?  
@layourenconrad http/twitpic.com/4wh4d - LAyourEN is AMAZING . . . well from what I see on the hills lol  Seem like a great friend to have!!
we finally hit 1 , 000 friends! thanks!
hey chelsee it is amiera!   ufc
watching Look for a Star with mom again  lub ah C hehe
@VancityAllie they shall win
Hanging with kevin tomorrow!  out goes being productive.
@artistiquemeg wooohooo! i am foyourth row back
Awesome  I saw it thyoursday night. It is so great. 100 % perfect casting.
Watching Twilight again   ! ! !  3 i am watching the Audio Commentary ,  it is sooo funny 
writing out mother is day cards to mom ,  aunts ,  and AMYYYY can not wait for her to be a mommy
Is having awesome fruit is and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam is noodles at 8@tradehub21  http/tinyyourl.com/r65c68
@MollyMazy aww!  happy mother is day to you too girlie! kingston is lucky to have such a great mommy!
Celebrated 18 , 000 plays on Last.fm with Dez Moines by #tdwp http/bit.ly/GWUHX
If i am up with Brooklyn when i am suppose to sleep in . . . I  will call you  @ LadyBug602
I received some excellent birthday presents!  Party was the usual success.
@scalzi Happy frickin '  birthday!  Try not to be too bitter about sharing your day with your lovely wife and all other mothers out there.
@bsaeed it was nice to meet you tonight  thanks!!
@angelemotion yayyy for new videos by amazing people
Hangin out with some cool ass people.  http/short.to/8j3p
@bingofuel Why yes ,  we did see @CaryWilliams tonight. Delicious dinner by chef Geoff chez A-Lo/G-Mo.  Hope to see hi am again pre-departyoure
She has an awsome voice. Bored nothin to do i should really consider  going back to school yeah right i would rather cry of boredom  forever
silly you are right here with me
@Scorch_Mom Emailed you - it  will be on the porch anyti ame. If you come tomorrow ,  we  will have to miss you! do not  worry about knocking!
@alphonso i am in SF right now
watching Season 2 ,  episode 1 of House before bed . . .  what a great bedti ame story
Looking forward to having Dinner with Family and Friendsss! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there!
@i am_2nd aww thanks!
ti ame for The Great Yakuza Horror Theatre ,  wish me luck
Is watching It takes Two . . .  such a classic lol
FREE UNLi amITED RINGTONES ! ! !  - http/tinyyourl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
and goodnight ,  twitterland! hope all of your weekends are going great!
Ate too much vegetarian pizza for dinner! But it was so good
JUST GOT TO LA  MISS HAWAII ALREADY! DANG
@David_Henrie hahaha. you make me laugh.
FREE UNLi amITED RINGTONES ! ! !  - http/tinyyourl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
whole foods ,  barton springs ,  yogyourt spot  the oasis = perfect day in austin.
i am eating cookies that have been sitting around for a week now. thanks andrea dear
Why am I posting so late  ?   Just got back from seeing Star Trek. It was so awesome
@merabobera I wantttt ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
living it up at empire hotel . . . free bottle service. it ROCKS having connections
@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts  Have you taught before  ?  
Home. Should be in the bed ,  but i am just super duper excited about tomorrow.
FREE UNLi amITED RINGTONES ! ! !  - http/tinyyourl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
FREE UNLi amITED RINGTONES ! ! !  - http/tinyyourl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
had fun at wango tangooo!
@ishaka Thanks
@ubernostrum I really ought to pay more attention to my phone tweets . . .  Syoure! The more moives the better.
Woo! Nachos AND ice cream  haha
Hey guys i am going to create an iPhone app that is a twitter client called Tweetilicious please @reply me your thoughts!
@petitesuitecb Thanks my girl. True BFF!
@MCRsavedMilife haha yes
@fatally_yours that is stunning!
oh the memories    ?   http/blip.fm/~5yxd4
can not stop smiling  i am in the best mood right now ! ! ! !!
Enjoyed x-men w/ @dwestbrook  now it is ti ame to rest up for this drive home . . . happy mother is day twit-moms ! ! ! 
@redonculous video tape that for me  hahaha
@AspaPhoto I am the same . . .  well peer trained ,  peer taught ,  peer learning
Good nite everybody!  :Baby Boy:
@duherica Thanks!
it is beach ti ame!
NAPPY is da new N word . . . by da way ,  iLove my NAPPY braids  iGot HANG-Ti amE homie lol
Just got out of the VAST show  IT KICKED ASS! Just as mindblowing live as on CD. Sang my fave songs. i am n awe!
is excited for tonight is party of ron  http/plyourk.com/p/sujth
aww my son gave me a pyourple g shock for mother is day
dream of a better world because it is coming -someone could live off of those words dude
@SamBennington  cool  you are here too  hi sam  how are you   ?     ?     ?   
good day ,  ya  will! happy mom is day!
 * [ it is ti ame for TSCC!  ]
just watched Star Trek . .  I liked it  i am making my mother a card and listening to some tunage ,  Copeland to be exact ;]
Just had an amazinq qirls-niqht-out. I quess it is always qreat to have an excuse to wear tiny dresses  heels
@AClockworkToad I will take lots of pics! it is really pretty there ,  lots of palm trees.
i am an incredibly happy person with 100 % energy. Love to dance  laugh . . . the only thing that I know.i am one of the most down to earth ppl
today was the BEST 3 eff yeah i 3 @ohbabyit isashley
@J0HNNYWYATT amazing tonight glad I could share it with you baby. You are my sunshine
Cheifs beat the  ' Canes 16-8! Top of the table! Wooo!  . . . and up go the Sky Sport Virtual Rugby points.
@Escape2TheStars it is ok. i will have reached 3 , 000 tweets and be in dreamland by then so have a good sleep!! talk later.
@_writersblock_ Yep! One drink  @retrorewind block party is keeping me up
welcome to the family new pillow  i am going to lay my head on you tonight ! ! ! 
@celikins Yup ,  us too. Spending ti ame with Mom ,  Sis and Aunt  Have A great Mothers Day!
Tired from work. I hate closing ,  eek. But all smiles today. Aloha Kitchen ,  yum.
@mateoonline i am syoure u did ! ! !  can not w8 4 2morrows shw ! ! !  Happy Mommys day 2 me ! ! ! 
@nerdwriter we were close to trying all of them! SO YUMMY
Having bro-lights with g.Soll  CHEERS!  http/twitpic.com/4wjrs
@erzonline Thanx . . .  sorry not trying to rub it in . . .  I just get excited . . .  been working hard to make that dream come true for awhile
Just got home from Stacey is lovely wedding
@roflwolf yeah they are basically awesome
@TomboyTigress thanks  sweet dreams to you too!
@jefebarrio it was put on by oyour neighborhood ,  so just a little one. Like 25 runners. I got 1st place ,  with an okay ti ame. I was happy.
my life is so exhilerating  family kingdom is such a good summer sport ! ! !  and so is swi amming in the ocean at night with kristin
had a great day
@mdjensen i am a little late but congratulations on your 1st tri ,  it is a great accomplishment . . . good night
@Hatz94Music We got a guy in the chat now lol.
@whatsyourcri ame ok ,  so i am replying!  happy mothers day ,  indeed!
@james_a_michael Hey! thanks for another great day! i am going to sleep now!i will chat with you tomorrow!  Sweet dreams!
probably one of the best syourprises ever . . . you really are amazing
@Tpearson44 me toooooo! Thank u
@SellPuts agreed  it did take me a little while to find my way on stocktwit is ,  but once I did ,  I cant i amagine working w/o it
@OkayRay thanx for the bday wishes ray
Goodnight everyone  Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there
fuckkk i need sleepppppppp lol ,  happy mothers day mummy
@boredgirl260 did he ask for your Twitter ID  ?   your sun sign  ?  
Oh! Northern Downpoyour was just on the radio! I mean ,  not from the CD or anything. But the normal radio station! Woohoo.
Won a diamond for my comptition   ,  yaayy tomorow it is the DIAMOND DANCE OFF !! Were the best   . .  Still in montral !!
HAPPY MOTHER is DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOTHERS IN THE WORLD ! ! !  myself included . . . 
@naidanai nai nai baby. haha i didn ' t know that you have twitter but oh well
Is going to attempt to cook chunky beef  mushroom pie tonight  mmm ,  i am hungry already!
OMJ JUSt qOt HOME fROM tHAt PARty! it is 2O a.m! i am MAN tiRED! GOODNiqHt AND HAPPY MOtHER is DAY 2 ALL ! ! !  tAkE CARE  GOD BlESS!
@jasonmitchener Yes sir . . . I just acquired a Master of Arts in Christian Ministry-a loooooong joyourney completed today . . . so thankful!
@gKwo  it did ,  i didnt really watch it haha
made $30 tonight watching 2 little kids swi am and watch a movie ! ! !  haha i love babysitting haha
@tabithalynnne lmao ,  yep
i am so proud of Dr. House for detoxing.  His Amber hallucination is evil!!
goodnight to all
@jti amberlake  Thank you and Happy Mothers Day to your Mother also SNL tonight
Is FINALLY having dinner . . .  At Nishiki Sushi!
@QueenofKong We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol ,  iwonder howd iget that to pull off
had one of the greatest days ever! spent the whole day with besties  celebrated installs with the friends i love oh so much  3
is really really ready!
happy mama is day ladies!  have a good day.
Good night all ,  15 miles of trails with 7 peeks to cli amb in the morning ,  fun ti ames ahead
and guess what  ?   the second ti ame around . . .  it is still fucking great
Hi-5 to ALL my friends and ummm thanks for the follow and enjoy the ride IF I make too many trips (I will) for u and u gotta go i get it
says 2 1/2 hoyours to go ,  uwian na. . .  [phplyourk.com] http/plyourk.com/p/sun82
@JustCierra Yep ,  they sang your song!
@angelakeen the next wk I C Drs too but maybe then  ?   I would love it! I did go to Mac Grill.  John was not there! Thought of U!
@3Magpies Thanks! and to you as well!
Chatting with matt from mercy mercedes lol.
is syourprising momma bear
Orange/Pineapple/Banana smoothie after a very long ,  very hard day = HEAVEN!
@nathanschultze haha. that is awesome. good job
@KOLsweetie hell yeah! Belgian beer is the bomb!!  :p
my blog is now updated
At t.g.i fridays  With some of my favorite people ever . .  We made a reservation for 20 and we have like 50 people here. Hahah
@epicwinmaster Thats great
@scottrmcgrew honey is great for your health!
@serenechai that is cool! i think del is going to korea same ti ame as you! have fun!
@MrsPinkyIvory Hey Pinky I ordered some stuff from that site you gave me. I got it yesterday in the mail so pretty  thanks
Yay ,  St. Mary is here I come
i am so excited for Mothers Day!  This has been a big year for me  Olivia ,  and she is finally old enough to be excited  understand!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there
Such a fun night. I needed the break. PS- I love you man is effing hilarious! Good night twitter world. Sweet dreams
@WCharliei will register the first thing I wake up tomorrow.  Looking forward to be back with the forum too!
is spending ti ame with her mommy later today!
i found a ride . . . YES ! ! !  liquor here i come
@jbrigante haha. i am on drink #2. Cheat day for me
@LemyourToes it is pretty good ,  actually! A few lame episodes ,  but otherwise good. Give it a try!
@mellieweena Woah . . .  Haha . . .  Thank you!
Is finally back from the dinner party ,  had fun ,  Alice had no wine. I proposed . . . we are getting married next week on May 15th 2009
@ChEmIcALbUlLeTs thats sweet
@bloodhoundgang aww that is awesome! he is a good guy
rap battling at second sat ,  now at the moviesss  haha i swi am in a lake of sex- Matthew M. ( Ghosts of Girlfriends Past)
happy mothers day to all   i am off to spend the day with my family
@nnayaj_11 thanks. enjoy the movie! i hope all is well with you te.
@juliepilat great show
@it isQ LMAO . . .  Smh!  that one threw me off.
taking mum to lunch for mothers day
and thanks ,  @rawrvee  ,  fr. yr congratulatory gweetin ' 
@Therealseeon Birthday Sex is a great song ,  man.  Something different about it!  That is what ppl want!
@mattmercy yay! we will have to get together soon and do something
@brianiwama amen to that brotha!
@FrankIero Thats amazing quote indeed.Btw Have a nice weekend  !
Wishes @kirstiealley a Happy Mother is Day!
Watching aliens with my boobie at craig rise house 11 early bedti ame for the grown ups
@MoocherGirl i think it was more the tigers crumbling. so not syourprising at all ,  really  . . .  lol  . . . 
Lovely night ,  guys. Full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
I just got a call from my chi amp buddies ,  want to join the party. Loads to prepare now. Wow this is great. Cup of tea first i think. Erm
@MoCo love that lamp!  We are in Sydney ,  Australia
@amygrant Chocolate with peanut butter. One of my favorite combonations
Love the family feud episode with the kardashians tonight
Ti ame to sign off for the night! Everyone have a great one! To all the mother is out there Happy Mother is Day
Just got $200 of my Macbook
Had a long day at work. Stood home. Now sleeping to have another long day at work tomorrow  happy mothers day to all mothers
@BabyvibeNancy Hi Nancy your fine (till it the baby moves!)  Just get out of the house  do fun stuff early! The hardest jump was 1 to 2
Thank you for the advice  i will work on that when i am not at work.
@vestacaro Did they already get the tax money from Helio for his winning of the pole position! Ha ha!!
@kmore Yeahhh . . .  thank. I figyoured it out
My Sissy and I went to a Bridal Shower tonight; crazy women!!
@SirReigns Now that is what i like to hear!   You will not unfollow us little people on Twitter when you make it big will u  ?  
@SherylLoch You too!   Happy Mom is get to rule and kids have to take it day
(@CoxRocks) Ha ,  the lead singer gave me a high five and i got one of their guitar pics!
@Willy9e  shouldn ' t I be going to sleep  ?   Just kidding :p
@whoaait iskristi oh my god  i am SOO EXCITED! i have  been waiting for it ever since i saw the 5th one at midnight the night before!
@xodedexo18 Of coyourse you can come join oyour sleep-over!! Can you bring me a big dill pickle  ?  !
@leahita your sweetie is very lucky too!  #liberty
@AngelIbarra You guys rocked tonight. And yes ,  us Tacoma kids RULE.
@cherrybaby2001 Glad you like it!
Gotta buy some onesies for my besties lol ah Yea!  at the club having a grand ol ti ame
@MsNewAppearance Hey ,  thanx for following me , i will follow you
Just signed up on Twitter! yay!
@alitherunner haha ,  sorry ,  it is past my bedti ame
Selling artwork+ risk game with the boys+ startrek= just what i needed. What a good day
but i didnt  krystal spent the night last night . . i dnt think i posted that. but ya ,  we laughed a lot. SQUIRREL!  HOUSE! new inside jokes.
@AshlieRayann Ashlie ,  thank you.  You made me feel a little better.
Getting Emilie in half an hoyour ,  should get up . . .  Have a nice day all! Talk later I hope
just received a personal email from Perez Hilton
Gonna give a guest lectyoure tomorrow @ PES Mandya on OpenGL
it is offically mothers day!! happy moms day ! ! ! 
Not quite syoure what ace of cakes is or are. Gosh i am tired. Loved bride wars. Fun night.
Excited for enfest yaaaay
@jmascia yay i found u!! i had a great ti ame tonight!
@heidiheartshugs that is cool. Well if you need any more help regarding that ,  Google is your friend. Plenty of info on that!
- God i am up early. Hayley still asleep but today is party day so i am getting stuff ready.  x
@joshcough Also it has a dense treatment of CPS and Continuation based Interpreter design ,  which is not there in SICP. Good to have both
says my new layout is so cute x) see the cuties   ?   hahahah  http/plyourk.com/p/suqp6
@JaiAsh anyti ame  that is what i am here for  *  giggles * 
i ama go to sleep now. good night. dnt let the bed bugs bite. haha.
@faeriegal713 Yep ,  finished ,  chocked full of spelling and grammatical errors ,  but i am cleaning it up tomorrow and popping it up  hehe
@whit isundays lol! l love your tweets! Keep them coming
@divinediva1 Norwood house party haaaaaa . . .  Yaaaaaaay (smiles)
watching men n blk 2 ,  wishin all the mums happy mother is day
oh how i love texting my drunk friends  hahahaha
Li amo Rides into the City for Dinner ,  Cruises on the Harboyour ,  Makeovers  Foot/Back Massages  *  yay *   . .  hope the fellas can get some of that
Chillin . .  Uploadinng The Videos I Took On [MySpace].  The Showw Was Awesomme!
My industrial is repierced ,  and I made a cute little friend
hahaha yay emily i m cool  @emilystack
@lmpotter You are very welcome
@SarrahRae HAHAH you know you loved the hannah montana movie  it was aweesome
@kristenstewart9 WOW ,  I can not believe u reached the Facebook li amit for # of friends! Crazy!!
Twitter is useful in that it reminds people what they forgot to ask me about on a given day. It is also excellent for inspiration
iced coffee and vanilla ice cream UBER SICK MIX
Done at Disneyland ,  kid is knocked out ,  stopped by the hotel bar and grabbed a grey goose  tonic on the way up . . . peace
Goin to bed . . .  Finally. So sleepy!  *  Happy mothers day! * 
@darkgracie nice song ,  where did it come from   ?  
@helloheartbreak Thanks bb.
wow I just had a two hoyour conversation with someone on omegle. it was amazing
@shaktijs http/twitpic.com/4wkym - Looks Yummy . . . I can haz smal pies pleess  ?    ?  
Going home. Hope one of you out there saw the play.
@whoaait iskristi oh my god  THAT is AWESOME. this is the first ti ame ever i am not seeing it the day it comes out. Demi is taking over my day. haha
cannot sleep i am SUPER DUPER DUPER excited poyour la PARIS.  the love city.
@citycynic Sounds good to me! No more cleaning cynics orders. Haha. Good night. Talk tomorrow.
@nkotbworshiper me too . . .  it goes to my phone so all night long someti ames my phone is blowing up . . .  so nice to wake up to!
break from packing. watching the office  Pam: I had just woken up. I didn ' t look cute. That is how I knew he meant it.
@NicciSnaili will most definitely write about it! I look forward to your article on RE5 (if you do write about it) It should be fun.
akissforjersey is amazing3 sooo soothing.
off to bed I go . . have a great Mom is Day all you moms!
Pulled out the breakfast sausage for Mothers Day. Hopefully the baby sleeps in
Shopping day . .  headin to central chidlom and siam
freedom
@Aubergine006 I still have plenty of food left here! Thanks for coming over ,  I can not wait to see how the pictyoures came out
@FanInfo Absolutely! Just have a good backup for Romo for December.
Watched Adaptation ,  Interiors ,  and The Women (1939). All in all ,  good movie night. Breakfast with dad and kelley in the morning
Just got done tyourning in my pre-final project for my computer ani amation class. Final is due on Tues. Only 2 more classes or 6 more weeks.
@HungryGirl That is too bad ,  the movie is really pretty good.  We weren not scared away even by the people in costume.
@SJSharksfan haha i agree ! i am her test dummy. i just go in and say do whatever you want and i always love it.  she is magic!
it is MOTHER is DAY
What better way to spoil mum than to let her kick back and relax over a nice meal and a bottle of her favorite wine  ?   Oyour wine was a red
just got home. went to totoro cafe (finally) for the first ti ame ever. i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere
legs are still numb from joyourney to atlantis+coldness . . .  buttt it was an awesome day
@Jai ameMcKnight YAY ! ! ! !   I have Mark issues ,  too . . . you  will find I have A LOT of issues.   lmao
Two fantastic shows in a row
listening to MCR ,  watching DVD is ,  chocolate hehe  awesome
posted a few pics of my college on my myspace www.myspace.com/katieheidie
@akarra if you weren not picky (=precise) i might not find you as interesting to talk to
@xjam13x LOL. Wow. That is good.  Haha I still can not believe it is mother is day.
@contrarygirl Hoooray!  i am hooked already
Well goodnight all my twitter bugs sleep well
@stompthewalrus oh ok  good  . . .  now i will jump for joy! M ,  you just made my day
What I Meant to Say: At Yardhouse ,  Waikiki. @lilredbow  is bday @djjmytaco @mixmasterb @mcfloppyears (she Should DJ!)  some dozen others
Sleeeep. Good day ,  nice night ,  comfy bed.
Heading to XS with Nadia!! Yeee!
started her new job today! aaand so stoked for may long . .   and billy is awesome.
Just got Back from the Gym Wanna chat with some new people  Lets talk! haha
@billbergstrom Looks like a great ti ame!  Happy Birthday to the bd girl
Yay my friend Glen is here. Now i am like this
playing guitar hero ,  waiting for Abby to text me after prom
6moredays.6moredays. yay.yay. taken is nearly finished  better be good
had a nice mother is day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering ifi will ever see some one again. talking to sisa.
@aileen2u2 and yep ,  you ' ve converted me to Blip.  Been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!
The stress of recital is gone!!  It went so well  And Star Trek is my new favorite movie ! ! !  I wish I was in space =/
totally just got hit on by one of her bar guests! Ha ha . . . Yay me!
Huge test at the parents '  house. The food is so good ,  but stuck to one helping ,  no seconds. Feels good.
@SevFletcher exercise is what u make of it. Walk ,  run ,  bike ,  blade ,  skate ,  syourf ,  JUST DO IT  feels gooooooood
@kidthings yeah it does . . . i had fun today . . . i regret not taking that cup now . . . it was awesome . . . i must find one just like it now
#PhpEd 5.6 running successfuly via #wine  ,  now to get EMS running
@ChicagoGirl Gotcha.  My place is Atlantic side.  Better for syourfing   Plus I like to be close to the crazy foreign restayourants. Mmm ,  FL.
@charrrs aw anyti ame ,  boo. I realized that all I need to have some fun are you guys.  We should change oyour pics to the poofy hair ones!
HAHA! Follow john mayer . . he is a pretty funny guy  I want to move to L.A  . . .  it is so much more fun!
I am now Vice President of Social and Cultyoural Affairs at Southwestern College
yay new computer to fiddle about with
@illegalvenez Mmm ,  comfort junk food. That sounds good. I always preferred Wingstop
@Steven_Morales I like you. I mean as a random person ,  because I obviously do not  know you. but. we think alike
Happy Mothers Day
Yesssssssssss! A rocket to the moon is  going on warped!
@RedRosePetals  God bless that oh-so-sexy rahul pictyoure
@mileycyrus HI!  i am Eunice Kyna! i am a HUGE fan of yours! can not wait for your next album! 
@babygirlparis all your pic it is so nice  look so cute . . oh!!
mum is day - ended up being happy  not that it is my day or anything . . . 
ready for a day full of His presence  i am expecting the best!
@ThaBoyOPhicial  Good eatin.   Hey ,  follow my son @P33ZY.  He is on now
@steve_berra happy birthday!
@vansunder is making me hot chocolate with almond milk.  Mother Day festivities is starting early!
@souljaboytellem will u say shoutout to NIKKI ! ! !  please   (Soulja Boy Tell  ' Em LIVE live  http/ustre.am/2UhS)
  ?   ALREADY FINISHED CHATTING . HAHA  . .     ?  
@SpoiledMommy thanks  it was one of those goofy in the bathroom self taken dorky shot ,  ha ha. Hope you have a wonderful mommies day!
Officially Mother Day here HAPPY Mother Day to all the MOMS
@Corrina2008 your bitches miss you ! ! ! !
happy mother is day
awesomeness . . . she comes my way . . . lol . . dun dun dun!
just missing youhoping to talk to you soon . . i am so happy you are mine again ,  though  You have no idea . . 3
cant contain myself ,  tooooooo excited
@michaelBchevre and all chevre: please follow me at @elishevabalas for chevre only   i am using @eliseven for public tweeting!  Thanks!
I am excited to be home  finally a week and a weekend with people i know
so bryan was at the sweet 15 and i didnt think we were gonna talk but towards the end of the night we talked
@nice_argie Yes I am
@officialTila Thanks for the interview mama!  Enjoy your night
@rjramos very cool
Happy Mother is Day! it is gonna be an awesome and blessed day! Getting ready for bed . . .  for a beautiful and sunny Sunday . . . 
watching my favorite tv shows on HULU.com for free
@DarryleP LOL! I do splyourge on chocolate now and then.  And I plan on splyourging a little tomorrow!
Went to mikey is cousin is wedding. His mom caught the bouquet.
@MikeTattoos LOL . . . oh ,  man ,  can I un-twit something  ?   haha! I mean my lean mean fighting machine. I sooo can not believe you called me out!
finally got a twitter  follow me tweets 3
@JJRogue I have an interview on tuesday so things are tyourning around I think!! yay! so dont worry!  And Japsicans are a rare breed. 
@steve_berra happy bday stevie bee . . . and if u want followers u have to get a little more tweety  may babies r the best! i am the 12th
Happy Mothers Day Mum
Watching the best movie ever: The NeverEnding Story!  I wish my babbby was with me ,  though.
I want to wish HAPPY MOTHER is DAY to my two favorite moms in the world: My own mom of coyourse  and my sister ! ! !  HAPPY MOM is DAY TO YOU TWO!
@Commander_Cool yep here is hoping
@serenajwilliams Hi Serena just want to say good luck in Madrid and Paris this month
Laughing for no reason . . . maybe it is because it is 2:27 and i am tired ,  haha. Maybe i should go to bed  Night!
Goodnight ,  good morning and HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Visit my profile to see my silly offspring.it is funny ,  the love of my life picks his nose!
Exhausted to the tee . .  So i am knocking out! Nighty night tweety birds
@natalietran I did really like that http/tinyyourl.com/c63mhr reminds  a little of my favor hfw
@hitechhall I love the site what a hoot ,  really enjoy the hair cuts in Thailand ,  always try to ti ame ir just right ,  thanks for the tip
my phone keeps beeping at me . . .  thanks alan and speeeeeen!
@veropperez great!!  i have  gpt tp put the lyrics in ,  finsih the background ,  then go over some writing ,  and then done!!
@michaelmagical Been crazy busy here!  *  grins *  it is Mother is Day weekend. Lots of my abies sending me well wishes
@jti amberlake Yay!  SNL is on!
@JaybzS Hi! We get to try out new restos . . so yea ,  it fuunn  Let is have dinner when you get back!
watching miss cytheria
GOT MY RITE EAR PEIRCED! brother got his first peircing ,  his left ear. I also got 2 new septum bars ,  one is a  black c bar with balls!
whohoo!  Erin just got accepted to Ottawa U nyoursing school at the Algonquin Pembroke campus.  I just may get my girl back
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS IN THE WORLD ESPECIALLY THE TWEETER MOMS
Has finally learned how to think before he speaks. And it works wonders
Alright gang. Gotta go park with family for an hoyour. Back then  Mwahs to yu if you head to bed before then
Goodnight Beautiful world  sweet dreams. olive juice!
@jwdilla i am glad you ' ve been having fun babe
Mother is Day family dinner on a rainy Sunday night
Ah wokking was great. You could eat as much ice cream as you what. I never eat so much ice cream in my life . . . 
@ggw_bach Thank you for your positive energy + contributions here!
@sirlance16  Hope your havin fun in da club
I have seen Star Trek ,  so now you guys can not spoil it  If you have notseen it ,  Go. Go now.
is eating lunch at Sushi Tei ,  Sency yum! met Ghina earlier
i beat aye to the music hall.  babyy ,  i am like the cinnamon that beat the apple to the apple jacks.
4 hoyours of shopping over . . .  good effort. Best part = chocolate shop . . .  YUJM ! ! !  . . .  yum even
Headed out at 6 today ,  shopped for Mother is Day gifts. I love BBWs new scents   ?   AND finished my book I bought yesterday.
Covering my portfolio to send to my  *  dream job *  in ny! Send good vibes!
back in Dyourango. Chaperoning a party. interesting. catching up on my internet syourfing and drinking a woodchuck. ha.
@inkrediblenyc hey Lonnie!i will be there next weekend  I can not wait.
@ikonora Have a great night!
although @pickupshanan (Volterra) is killing it right now here in la
@error505 - well i greatly appreciate your comment.  That means a lot to me.  i am working on both of them . . . work in progress ,  you know.
just had an orgasmic sandwich
home now!
@BB517 YES he just said for 2 more hoyours
Good Morning Everyone
Probably the best birthday i have  ever had. I got to spend it with all my favorite people.
happy superwomans day !
SNL hosted by Justin Ti amberlake startssssssssssss NOW!!  WOOHOO!!
@dmcox fantastic day in the AZ sun
my first  istar trek '  anything was really entertaining . .  now if I can just see Harold fly the enterprise to  ' white castle ' 
I still can not believe the Matt McCoy interview got 255 views!! Twitter truly is . . . AWESOME!
Restoring new iTouch 2.  Excited to use it. Yeeeeeeeee. Goodbye iTouch 1.
family bbq today  my fave cousin comes too
just finished baking some cinnamon rolls   soooo yummy!
Show gratitude when someone does something nice for you . . .  A small Thanks goes a long way  ~ @Mike_Wesely   #twitip
@TDBeadles as to sleeping with whom   ?   You have your rocking sheets  I hope the smoothness is endulging can not wait for my blankets)
@kayemeff it is almost your birthday!!
@SamBennington  Welcome to Twitter  it is really cool that you are here! Greetings from Vienna , Austria
traveling alone makes i meet new people , new circle  . . strangers become friends
Morning everyone! Hope you have a great Sunday!!
Fatigue settling in ,  but gotta power through! Awesome seats again tonight. i am pretty lucky. Life ain ' t too bad . . . 
good morning everyone
I got a Coach pyourse
@officialTila YES!! I wanna come hang out with my H-TOWN gyourl u know whats up!! haha @MrDeNiro it  will be bangin! We gotta hang out chick
@ashgen sounds good!! can not wait
@jti amberlake Hey I saw SNL 2niteI loved it!! especially the crumpin '  tit-boob scene  crumpin ' 34 dub wow hilarious
@ayende LOL it is not the army it is starfleet ,  rules are meant to be broken to get the job done. That is why he gets the medal
@kevpar he was soooo great ! ! !  loved hi am! He was so good live ,  haha it poyoured on us though . . .  makes it that much better!
i met one of the nerdiest servers at chili is today lol . . .  he was awesome and i was his favorite
@DonEads  Cool . . . a VERY productive day! I just got a spot as an extra in a featyoure film that is filming tomorrow  AWESOME week all around!
@Carlkr please wear glasses in your next video!  you look amazing in them.
Had an awesome lunch with the family  now dinner with the in-laws
@TickleMeJoey goodnight baby loll jk night
@Spande hahahaha wtf dianne   ?     ?     ?     ?    ?   who twitters that lol . . . i guess it depends who the person is . . . .
@cyberprvideo heard of. And you are the first to mention hi am to me!
just got home. today was fun
likes the smell of the roast in the oven mmmmmm must have dips and sakatas to tide me over till the roast is cooked
@Afrykah heyyy girl . .  havent tweeted u all week. hope all is well with you
@maliamorgan Thanks for following!
Girsl night ! on my way to foam party  No sleep tonight !!
@philritchie Boom ,  and if you will ,  boom! Saw the movie last night - really enjoyed it
All in all this has so far gone so much better than expected.syoure helps to have raised a dog before and i feel i am doing things right
heeey heeey!   about to go read . . . 
My goodness! I go single and shit goes crazy! Haha. Fuck this. I like being single too much. I do what I want . . . holla!
this one is for the children . . the children of the world . . . again i say happy mommies day to all and me too
@tarabellejeanne awhhh It was so nice to see you.
@JackAllTi ameLow it was fun anyway . . thanks for taking pics with us last minute
Amost there
@amber_benson thanks for the message! been a fan since forever; actually met you back in  ' 03. So glad I stumbled upon your twitter
@jai amedr Thanks for the recommendation
@sashagrey since i am reading the Twilight series and watching Underworld today ,  I gotta say . . . perfect pic for my day
well Sunday the weather looks great gone take my bike to visite my mom on her day
tonight was fun
first night sleeping in my new home
@jemambrose congrats ! ! !   I highly doubt u  will have buyer is remorse . . . u ' ve wanted that car for a while.
@Chi_twnzfinest Happy birthday ,  sweetie. Have a great day in the best place of the word (sorry Chicago  jeje
Goin to bed. Goodnight everyone.
Well ,  it was very inspirative day. There is no room for design in todays schedule ,  so i am heading to bed
PUSH was amazing
this thing really demands a lot of ti ame! anyways ,  gotta get some breakfast and watch naruto is latest episode
@EricS576 Thank you! You know I really love  ' BHB ' 
@Nat4daWorks hope the show is going well!  just wanted u to know that i am home now . .  muah!
New day in new home   happy mom day 2 me!
Won a gps at post prom
Bored . . . um . . . Song of the day: I caught myself by Paramore and No good deed from the musical Wicked  Oh! And Fully Alive by Flyleaf ! ! ! 
Finally home after a night of dinner and drinking with friends.  Going to sleep now ,  hoping the bed does not spin too much.
@ztnewetnorb hha yeah  like they have your heart too but weve met shaun and bradie . . .  it seems more real 
Nungguin my Sista in law lahiran di RS Asih . . . kayaknya sih sore ini lahiran. Yeayy another baby girl in the family
@GeorgiaPrincez Like you are not enjoying the hell out if it.
@frombecca Oh yum - rhubarb. These links are fab. Thanks
@SharneseLaNier Thanks hon ,  doing great and yourself  ?   Happy Mothers Day
feelin a bit  wouldangerous ' . off to watch tha vids  http/bit.ly/9X0Us
@michaellington hahaha that made me laugh
@JoelMadden great song even if i can not understand lol
ti ame for mi ami is
third date went well . . . moving on to foyourth ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@solangeknowles HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  I hope you  will have a great day today
Back from hospital. Doc saysi will live
Wango tango ! ! !  Good night all
no clubs . . . no parties . . . ive spent my friday and satyourday night workin on music and am quit content
i am Christine and i am a friggin '  shopaholic. Check out my new coat  Had to promise someone I wouldn ' t spend for 2 weeks after buying this
Great day . . . Rode the beach cruisers into town to see Culver City Antique Car Show. Found my next bike.   http/twitpic.com/4wn71
@B_Wright THANK YOU! Retyourn of the Mack is THE jam!
@filos @elliottucker thanks for the r/t ,  I was hoping I had some  *  classy *  followers
is going home after an awesome ti ame with the peeps
Signing off for the night. Watching The Reader and i am syourei will snooze off at some point. Good night all
drunkfda twittering is lone of my favorite hobbies3 being drunk is my PROFESSIONNNNN
random night of fun  now i am chillin at home . .  happy mothers day!
my hair does not look completely retarded. success
To every mom ,  mommy and mother ,  Happy Mother is Day   Hope you all do something special and fun today.
@a_tall_blonde   ~~Hello~~~  and thanks for the follow.
@pjhoody it is your birthday ,  so I know you wanna riiidddddeeee out! Have fun in the club
Had the Best lazy/really productive day ever. So many options lay ahead of me.  My only job is prioritize them  Thank u universe. -Luv DD
@devyra lol you always make me happy.  i promise i will not. lol it is only 1 silly. you are up late too my friend
@DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers Day! i hope tom got you something special! enjoy day!  xo
Mariana ~ Photography by Cassone is May 2009 Featyoure http/bit.ly/E2bjm  - Thanks so much
Michael Cera has a new movie!
is resting. ahhhhh. I feel good
Ryan Stiles is still the funniest man ever. Got some great news and some not great news tonight. So happy I could byourst
@howie_d it is a pleassyoure making you both smile.  Have a nice day and you are making me smile as well being on twitter . .  aahhh nice . . 
@superannuation hahai will keep that in mind  so far ,  i reckon i have enough money to stop my hair greying when i retire ;D
/ happy mommy is day
@PsychoBeauty word  ?    ?   i ama be there this summer . . . just move back with me  lol
yum - mother is day lunch at The Food Business in Byournside was delicious! such a gorgeous day
colds nearly gone ,  yayness!! greys anatomy on tonight . . .  . . . double yay!
This is the best E-commerce site ,  I hope you ' ve watched the big bang theory. http/www.pennyblossoms.com/ Please hit buy now
listening to jubey snoring on the phone  hehe goodnight
@ferrao California waiting ,  every little thing is gotta be just right   ?   Putz ,  adoro essa banda
i am Still Celebrating My Bday Even Though It Was Friday
I had a super cool dream last night. @TheEllenShow asked me and @danify to be on her show. Wooowww.   *  hopes it will come true *  )
@Seicra_The_BC well ,  in the end ,  everyone is happy (most of the ti ame)
Just used my last DVD-R for the Windows 7 ISO. Next batch will be Lightscribe dicsc - I want to see how that works
@Austra Thank you for smoking ! ! !  ! ! !   viennozii amiigi
@BarryManilow Not been on for a while eh Barry lol.Tweet deck is like prehistoric lol
Just had a great study ti ame followed by a delicious Japanese meal with Arty! Now ,  trying to get back into the study mood
Stack on deck patron and sprite on ice baby he said I can have whatever I like . . .  Right @ajaleigh  ?  
@Li ameIce  *  happy to help * 
@cherrythegreat hay naku!!madaya ka talaga ah hehe  . . hey happy mothers day to your mom nga pala  @baditz and to your mom also
@kerkat28 i posted it! let me know what you think  ?   theres a really cute cut out in the back too.
ahhh ,  i FINALLY went to yogyourtland.  i saved my spoon. hahaha.
tried oprahs free unfried kfc and loved it  i went back for another try and topped it with boba and wolverine.Chilled with pope , dave , ben
@oscarrplz thanks oscc  i have been changing it up lately ,  and I like this layout the most 33
can not wait 4 a real bed!  haha
@emilyjonesmusic  awww thank you
@DinoLich I know! But I still want to see it
@xennyeh FUCK YEAH DUDE ! ! !  I would ask how it was ,  but I already fucking know!  How are you  ?  
@JT_NigerianBoi thanks JT i also enjoyed it i will. r u following me  ?   ill follow u back
Drivin home and listenin to 50! fucking lightweights! left me stag! bullshit!  love you though  especially you toesha  haha HA!
It seems like everyone us watching X-Men now ,  I feel like i have  started a revolution  feels nice
this one goes out to Ji ammy Fallon and Justin Ti amberlake . . . doin '  their Gibb Bros show on SNL    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z1vd
for some strange reason ,   ' paranoid '  sounds like U2. but i love them too ,  so it is aaaaall good.
@Scarlettx3 oh my god  i forgot about that! you lucky thing! hope you have fun!!  x
@gretchenrubin I love this!!  oyour body should tell us how much sleep it needs ,  and it is always good to be mindful at mealti ames
@RetroRewind working out to your station - cool. Love yer music  kk back to the sweating part  . . . .lol l8ax
@michellephant it was nice ,  we didn ' t stay long because we all got a hotel room.
Wooow ,  I have notcharged my iPod Touch all day today ,  and it is still ALIVE! That is so coolio
is getting ready for an awesome service!  - http/tweet.sg
@yvasquez82 Thank you sister!!
that was a fun bacontaco night
D-group Satyourday is ,  with a little bit of football ,  an hoyour nap ,  3 hoyours of soccer ,  basketball in the TSU and Yogyourtland . . .  Life is Good
@chachada1 Yeah i am following you ,  Hun! Goodnight
spent a little too much $ at Wombat ,  but it is cool  ' cuz it was ti ame to take care of Tamara good.  YAY!
Happy Mother is Day to all the moms out there!
just put the brats to bed ,  now i am chillin with noodle
Cultyoural toyour 102 by loiusa is family: kangaroo sight-seeing in cemetary. Lovely
@TheUnclean Thanks. Busy as fuck is good in my book.
@sarieee thanks for finding the amusing rubiks pictyoures tonight. making my evening via @chrisfreeman  . . . 
I have a better idea: need a couple hoyour of relax. bed ti ame. Sweet dreams to everyone!  love u all
@gnat So what does that make a queef
Happy Mother is Day  http/bit.ly/LRSnG
@officialTila that is my idea of good dinner  happy munchin
@stuntazian I still have them!! Yay! Gonna eat some now
Now i am off to bed - HAPPY MOTHER is DAY ALL - HAVE A GREAT ONE
Just got back from @LorenaJi amenez  is party! Sooo much fun! Boom boom pow~ hahaha! ooh and I just told my mom happy mother is day
@smartiej Sounds lovely ,  hope you have a great day
I do not  think i have  ever been up this early on a Sunday in a while. Meanwhile ,  the #bigweekend await is!
social was fun. Swam in the water in my boxers
Happy anniversary to @tayloredot and @hellohouston. You know whyyyy. Three years baby ! ! ! 
off to a date with vaahedh! -_- well . . . atleast it is the last one
is thinking what song to use for the next chilled edition video!
i am FEELING GREAT!
Word to all those i call mom ,  and there are a lot of yall . .  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  i love you all!
Watchin TV. HAPPY MOMS DAY.
enjoying lazying around eating roses chocolates  x
@rohanbabu I brought a buffalo 320gb for 3800 . . . it has the fastest transfer rate for a usb hdd . . . I benchmarked it at 34mb/s on my comp ! ! ! 
@Sanazypoo oh my god !! Hahaha! I thought you were joking about Twittering that ,  hahaha!! Awesome ,  good ti ames were had by all
About to go to sleep. Fun
It tyourns out i am really ,  like ,  sixty years old ,  guys. You were right ! ! ! !!  i am off to seek my futyoure a little later than planned!
@flygirls Mom set the bar so high I need to learn to fly to reach it! -- now THAT is an awesome senti ament to read on Mother is Day.
@nlouisem thanks!!
@fedgrub  dull life was on the soundtrack of one of my favoyourite showss
@MorganH03 Thanks for a great night ,  dear.  Perfectly completed my weekend.
I am having the Ti amE of my LIFE
@si amoncyourtis HAHA  . . . your Hotter Than Justin Ti amberlake
@EmmaCL thanks
just rocked home from maccas ,  and now signing a petition for big bang to toyour aus  LOL
Oh that just made my evening.  I forgot Merlin was on tonight!  But it is a toss up between Rove and Spielbyourg on Spielbyourg on ABC2 choices.
@erniehalter yay Happy Mothers Day to me  Screw byournt breakfast in bedi will take some E.  (erniehalter live  http/ustre.am/2VkO)
@Buddhistethics  congratulations  were you being mindful through the run as well or / and listening to music  ?  
Had a great ti ame with mpix shootout ,  just great  thanks mpix . . . 
first day on new job  ,   ,   bought a new clothes already and it was 40 % off for employee discount!
@great_northern http/twitpic.com/4wiqv - Awwww she looks like one of my kitty  little fyourry balls are the best!
@rayamartin http/twitpic.com/4wlpv - whooooooooooooa ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ang ganda ko dito ha ! ! !   thank you!
Went to a party last night. Dindin and I showed up in matching outfit is ) GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE ) Anyway ,  happy birthday ,  ate lara
Missing my mother . . .  t-11 days! HAPPY MOTHER is DAY!!
had a great night with some old friends . . . we are still home-town heroes . . . some things never change
N now the end to another wise great nite! Excuse me while I dream a little dream
I love how when I leave my laptop on my bed it creates a nice toasty spot
Had a blast ,  babe. Thanks joe. 3  i love everyone! Tyler . . . happy birthday.
cynthia and jenny are spamming my twitter! haha
@vivanews_com All breaking news will be tweeted here I hope  welcome to twitter!
@jen004 Nope ,  not done yet
@Jae878  thanks  i am holding my mini laser light thingy lol. How are u  ?  
@michaelmagical #warmfuzzies to you ,  my friend
boopboopboop. still talking to ashley  brittany.  i have  been talking to ashley for forever ,  and oyour convo still goes places. we are awesome
@MISS_OTTAWA your welcome ,  sweet dreams!
@bribee84 LOL too funny ! ! !   I love my Angels hehe
@johncmayer lol that just totally made me laugh ,  which made my day
@SarinneJonas thats so cool
@JackieShi amamoto i love cobra starship!!  thanks for the suggestion!
@jojowright thank you ,  god bless i am going to eaat my in in out
just watched what happens in vegas  it was really good
Ready to crash! . . . had a great day and a FUN night! I could not ask for anything more  Night!
@DebbieZachry very relaxing thank you. Hope you get to put your feet up tomorrow and enjoy the day
@jordansgirl81 they can be a drag  ,   ,  but for the most part they come in HANDY  hee hee
if i ran the mile to mcdonalds and ran the mile back would that byourn off a double sausage and egg mcmuffin lol
@vieriu I am blessed beyond measyoure
watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i would tweet that.
Also I was conviced to do a happy dance and then told it was the most adorable happy dance ever
We got JoJo in for free and free drinks for Mom! My kind of night
@emmilyxoxo wow , that must be sooo cool
@r_u_b_y_l totes it is gonna be fun as bi-otch. yeah she  will do it . . .  we  will make her!!
@teresanguyen oo ok. When I opened up twitterfon and it said I had a reply I was like layouren Conrad andswere me  haha
had an okay day. but hanging out with brianna and saelina was good
@nikkidang Yeah i have  been going there for the last month!!  SO amaaaazing , i will bring some back for you
you tell yo mamma an em i axe how she dyourrin ,  and that i said happy mothers day.
@mistressmia had not heard the title or author before ,  must look it up  Enjoy
is having fun with the traditional family dinner party for Mother is Day . . . 
Good Morning and Happy Mothers Day everyone
@Meshel_Layourie your dad is a superman for pulling through! Take it easy
Ra ' anana is a wonderful place
Prism is the MY nEW wEBTOP . .  mozilla labs rocks my world . . . 
@BB517 @mespptc Yeah i am okay been icing and ace bandage and sitting on my @$$ on twitter . . .  LOL Thanks
@robdelete yo  what you think of last night  ?   was good to see ya!
Mango Medley has yummy mango and mango ice cream!
Man ,  finishing Operation Anchorage syoure gives you an unfair advantage ,  loot-wise . . .  I love the stealth field suit and Gauss rifle
@yinawu Happy Mother is Day  http/bit.ly/iJm54  (my friends made the video)
@TomFelton awww. sooo adorable!  how old were u in that video  ?  
Sha and i are fcp/macbook pro buddies now.
Hahhahah i am watching the greatest movie ever
i am going to see sweeney todd on stage with my best friend for her bday today (I know i am going to be the one who sings along!!)
@DelicatelyReal looool  . .  me 2 !! ana i will vote 7ag ele ye6le3ni taqa3od now
@Emmieman So your moomie liked the Pandora  ?   you can buy me one next lol
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
@ddlovato demi if you can i think itd be amazing if you covered thats what you get by paramore haha i am syoure you know it
good night Twitterverse! Thanks for keeping me entertained!!
@solobasssteve Morning ,  dude! Ivy has decided she wants to go on a boat today. Are you guys around this PM  ?   Would be nice to see you.
Travel blog up and running!  http/charlenedianetravels.blogspot.com can not wait to start filling it up with entries! )
@snarkandboobs LOL! I liked the log ride reference ,  but all I think about when I think of that ride is how wet you get
@nita49 A big ginger and white male cat and a little female tortoiseshell. Both indoor cats and rule the house
@JoeJonas1Fan1 I know ,  me too!!
is going to help lancey cook
@silverarcheress ah ,  ok  thank youuuuuu!
@TomFelton Haha! What is it like looking back on work  ?   Or fun ,  as i am syoure it was
@pcsketch Well I am going to get off now soi will talk to you later. Goodnight and good dreams
@GriffReviews LOL yea I know! i am almost done with my semester this week  yay!!
niqhty niqht niqht  . .  all toqether ,  GREAT day  ;; @AyyoJayFresSh ily yall !!
Had a great night! Tomorrow is mothers day
The sun is shining brightly and the day has just begun! What is in store  ?   Wandering around les calanques maybe  ?   Vin ,  definitely!
Justin Ti amberlake and Leonard Ni amoy  ?   And a Dick in The Box sequel  ?   priceless
My 100th post- dedicated to Sarah , sunny weather , and my love for that Snakes On A Plane (Bring It) song that should have died already.
@camilleprats aaaw . . .  that is very sweet of hi am. my girl friends gots to drag them hubbies just so we can nite-out. unless my beer. LoL
sittin by the fire . . . yes!
watchin my favie @themandymoore in because I said so . . then catching up on much needed sleep!! goodnight
@ernalicious36 @raerosero thanks homskis! it is like christmas!
@tom_conrad you take such good photos.
Listening to some house music!(what else  ?  ) I got a gig in San Francisco next Friday. BE THERE  details on my www.myspace.com/djspy
@StevenSmith1990 Indeed ,  twitter is where it is at mate ,  it is all happening on here.  Enjoy. Hope to see you arou . .  http/twyourl.nl/j4o1xe
HAPPY MOTHER is DAY to all of the wonderful women out there.  Have a great and relaxful day.
@mattgarner haha what is up Matt   ?  
@TravelTweetie I will go to sleep now. Might be awakened early w/breakfast tray from my  ispark '   my  ' joper '  w/their Dad is help
@nak1a If there is a camel up a hill andi will give you plankton  . . . HILARIOUS!!
Home. Tonight was fun  thanks!
On my way home . . . then SLEEP! Seeing Amber Pacific tomorow with the besties
@trekkerguy Yeah ,  I have seen the reviews and they are great! It is just that the reviews syourprised me. Now getting tickets for tonight
@blp2008 lol yep  tell rhonda i said happy mother is day!
@layourenkel pancakes!! with lemon and sugar thanks!
@WestEndActress Haha same as miine
I ate a foot long from subway like an hoyour ago! oh my god ! i am happy and full. I hadn ' t ate since b-fast.  happy Lis.
@kayleelove love those panties
@MarshaCollier It was indeed ,  an excellent movie.
http/twitpic.com/4woxi - Btw ,  concert was freaking awesome
@tommcfly i saw you on tues and last niiiighht 3 so amazzzing ,  didnt even notice you forgetting the wordddss
@candyconquest Yes you are ,  thanks  Haha you do  ?   Field of flowers do not  exist in Singapore ,  well not ones that you can frolick in
@CSI_PrintChick exactly! Thats the first ti ame i saw his @ reply to Jon. Never going there again. Oh have fun with d new phone.
@rhettmatic happy birthday
Is relaxing in bed for a while before I go to sleep. It was nice to get out of my house for a while tonight
@tyleigh Thanks! Hope you find a job soon! . . . OH ,  almost forgot: I landed a role in an indie flick!  My first audition ever lol.
@djunity thanks!
a night alone with my piano . . . and a pro tools session . . .  ill take that ANYTi amE.
is going to watch the two davids. yey
Today is another good day for some less extreme experiences . . .  Anyone a fan of #24  ?   i am watching season 4 now
@amedawg18 Haha ,  that is great. Yeah ,  Zachary Quinto as Spock is really awesome indeed ! ! ! 
Romantic evening in with papa myourphys and battle BC from the history channel
@trippingtracy if there is a pow wow in the chicago area ,  definitely check it out ,  they are  so fun! Happy Mother is Day
@sunmee hope the studyin went well
@AmyQcoocachoo THANK YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU!
@celia_brads i have  finished  lol
i am calling your room-mate ! ! ! 
@tommcfly AHHHHHHH ! ! ! !! it is my 16th birthday  And i cant belive i found out i am seeing yous tonight  Best present everr ! ! !  333333333
o ,  and happy mothers day
Morning everybody
@steveplunkett  Hey ,  I need a car too.i will dm you my address.
watched sex  the city season 1  drank a little wine w/ my date . . . just ended w/ a goodnight kiss. i could get used 2 this  night night!
SWAY SWAY BABY zommgg love it  need more screamo tho boys
finally gone to the beach ,  yeaaaah!
@chokewho Nah ,  rolled with Jason Manly ,  who is a talented BJJ ace who mauls me any way . . .    Jake is looking great ,  can not wait to fight.
@knatchwa Buenos Dias! How very sweet ,  thank you
suprised mom with a cake and a present ,  because it is mother is day!  dad had bought flowers. : 
What a fantastic full-on weekend!  Going to finish on a high ,  with a cheeky chilli thai fried rice  a few glasses of red
eating truffles  yum!
Installed NetGear 802.11n (draft) router today ,  throughput has definately increased
@LeslieLang It will be an Adventyoure!  Have FUN with your 5 yr old and 8 mo old! (You are brave.)    Hope you have a great ti ame!
@KerriAnson  My day was good!  Spent the day catching up on sleep ,  relaxing . .  kind of a lazy day! hehe. oooo shopping! How did you resist  ?  
@Buffalokid Thanks for the feedback. Syourreal life ,  syourreal oils
@MusicalChilly Thank you and u too lady ! ! ! !
@lulliecarole that was delicious! lets have a walk someti ames with you and your hubby . .  and others! me misses you
Last week I had 516 hit is on my guinea pig pictyoures on webshots! And I didn ' t even promote them! Way to go
@byourbankhays ohhh I remember when you gave your dad a shoutout at the mcr at MSG show last year. that was so sweet
is wishing everyone a blessed  beautiful Mother is Day!
@MariahCarey VISION OF LOVE Play now i had the vision of luv n it was aaaaaoOUoOuoOUU that u . . tyourn out . . toOoo Mariah this your part
Twas a good show. I even liked Ciara is last song.   Ti ame for me to go to bed. good night!
@paulbay1028 Bit of a lie -in. Eaten all the bread.  it is way too good to giveaway.
@snowded nice one
Does anyone still play N64 anymore  ?   or Super Nintendo  ?   weren not those days the best  ?   haha. So many flashbacks!
@SelenaGomez selena is mom congratulations '  have a nice day
He brings SOOO much joy!! Show it!!  great song!   ?   http/blip.fm/~5z3oq
@ReeceReece Kind of ,  good job though.  I know no better.  I might see you this Friday w/ Arbie.
feels at home to be back at chyourch
had a great ti ame talkin with Mike tonight for three hrs.
@pcsketch I am actually wanting to buy a bus one day  tyourn it into a motor home. i amagine a whopping big BlokesLib logo on it
Using my old phone!  gosh! I miss this phone!
@ishaNikki congratss to them
Good morning World   This will be another wonderfull day ,  starting with breakfst with champions . . .   my kids ofcoyourse
i just realized i am off tomorrow. goin to the beach! who wana come  ?  
12 more days until CA!! i get to see my paniniii
@Qui amo haha Mon . . . Do you really want me too send it  ?  
@heycassadee SUPER EXCITED. JUST BOUGHT MY TIX TO SEE HEY MONDAY ON 6/20. AGAIN.  ~SVETLANA J. DENVER , CO
Going to get some strawberries for the champagne tonight!
@MrHollaOut hahah  u know this mannnnnn trust me i ama  freak and  proud of  it
Off to Woolsery this morning to (hopefully) see North Molton U16 clinch the North Devon League title. Lovely day for it
You know you are up too late when the TCU nightly scan starts! Oh well ,  I graduated today
had cold rock ,  choc mint+bubblegum+cookie+flake+nerds= YUM ! ! ! ! XD .  had a fun day.
Happy mother is day and to the god mother is and step mother is too . . . 
the sun is waking me up. what a beautiful day
@madberry TestFest was weer een groot succes
@rebeccao372 Thats ok  Yeah I had a good night thanks. Glad you did too. Hope you enjoy your BBQ
@LesleyER it is goin good takin it easy ths weekend  i am preparing for the big events comin up for me U girls INSPIRE me 2 do great things!!
@adnamay nite nite bday girl  have fun at concert
@ti am_buckley Good morning from sunny London . . . sounds like an oxymoron but happens to be true of today  Hyourrah!
@jonathanrknight so great to hear from u again today! U r the best! Cannot wait to see u on the cruise ! ! !  3 Cindy with the sign
@cactopus - You too ,  thanks for completing  Calvin Appreciated
@jodiontheweb is not that hilarious  ?   Hope you saw the Crosby is a douche shirt I picked up and wore bc of it.
thnkn bout yesterday . . best day ever! 2day Virtus vs Treviso at da futyourshow . . hard game , gotta win! FORZA RAGAZZI ! ! ! 
@henryandfriends thank for Thinking of us and caring
@cookiemonster82 ohhh yea it is from the same film  and this one had been a fave for a longgggg ti ame . . .  any1 for humma humma  ?  
trying this out with my sweet lil iPod . . .  I am totally nerding out. and . . .  totally ok with it
Happy Mother is Day to all the mothers!!
had fun at her b-day celebration.
Ordering pizzas ,  watching Diggnation ,  trying out Tweetdeck. All is good
home! tonight was so much fun! goodnight twitterbugs!
@netmogul actually ,  i play keyboards for pohaku lol. we played a 12st bday earlier and now i am spinning at the shack
I had fun at Daisy is Mexican Fiesta .
@ArchNiaLeitl Hello my friend . . . you found me on GBW  ?   How are you doing  ?   Glad to see you twitter but I have to learn German
wooh! 100th tweet  i have no life xD
i find John Mayer is tweets mighty entertaining for a hearty laugh . . . so thanks John
@irishprincess41 it was great to meet ya katie . . . awesome shows for syoure!! Safe travels home.
@Jason_Manford Awww thats such a lovely thing for u to say to me  are u doing any in manchester  ?   x
Fab sunny day
Celebrated Mother is Day with the best lamb roast lunch followed by a box of Cadbyoury is shared around the table. It was a wonderful day
Sex on the beach ,  cosmo ,  kamikaze ,  captain america ,  ahhh fun night. Still not over.
watching freo on a sunday arvo is a good hobby
liking my fake tan orange coloyour
is updating you LIVE from Benihana of Tokyo in Waikiki  Happy Birthday Mark ! ! ! 
Chillin '  following some cool people!
Had a good ti ame at Flap-a-taco with @daveyboyonline ,  @LadyLayourali ,  and @CesYeuxBleus
@loris_sl happy sunday to you to
What Darren on Linkedin  ?   YES!   Just say your a twitter friend I NEVER IDK people! http/www.linkedin.com/in/darrenmonroe
@jobondi Awsome thanks Jo . . . can not wait for her to be on 
Ps . . .  I got Ben Button today . . .  completes my Best Pictyoure noms . . . got all 5 now. It was a GREAT year!!
alkaline trio was sweet ,  saves the day sucked.  but i had a great ti ame anyways.  it was awesome seeing everybody and hangin out
 ' Allo there twitter  how are we today  ?  
mozart requiem tonight
@LunarLife hes definitely my fav host ever!  can not wait to watch the rest tomorrow!!
For those of us who is hearts break a little more this ti ame of year know that you are loved and next week is a new week.
Woah!! Awesome show!! Glad to be back at the hotel ,  though . .  Nightie night and Happy Mother is Day to all you mommy is!!
ti ame always seems to fly when i am with wade ,  it is weird; but i like it . . .  a lot!
Enjoy your hols x
Well off 2 bed . . . cant wait 2 party 4 Mother is Day in like 14 hoyours or so
Last night went really well. Got some cracking shots
@sooj899 LOL  I know what ya mean. Watching everyone else act a fool is much better the  not remembering acting a fool yourself
@eashmore like ,  for reals this ti ame guys. Ha. good night.  happy birthday kid
I had the best weekend ever
Morning all it is beautiful out already ,  glorious sunshine. Wash and vacum car Done ,  fill with petrol Done ,  bbq stuff buy Done.
@TerriLPN Thanks ,  Terri!  I am so excited to pick Parker up on Monday.   I hope he gets along with David! #pixiebob
Gooooooood morning ,  campers!  And happy Mother is Day!
this is my movie weekend!! i have  watched 5 movies so far
got a new dog
what a beautiful morning! nice to be out
Watching Everything Is Illuminated  and dreaaaming3
Gorgeous day! Off to Hash around Waterley Bottom - wonderful name for a village! Quiz Mistressing at the Porto this evening
@demiswissfan yer  i hope the competition doesnt end before i post my video! lol but there are some really good singers who entered . . . .
@ankita_gaba evryti ame i listen to the name of tat plce i am reminded of Mojojojo from dexter is lab
Just Decorated Moms Room While She Was Asleep For Mothers Day  She  will Wake Up To A Banner And Balloons! Woo!
@megspptc I do not  remember cause I was watching so many on youtube . . .  LOL will get back to you
Happy mother is day everyone!
Happy Mother is Daaay!!
watered the tomato plants ,  pepper plants and lettuce ,  feeling all homely! off out with Freddie for a fun-packed day
@RobPattinson444 thank you for accepting my request!! must take care of my little girl ,  maybe i write back later
@FlissTee I think the very late night on Friday just hit me  off to town to meet a friend soon for ice cream and coffee
looked up weather for greece this weekend . . . 80 and sunny oh my god Z
@markii187 Eeee! Hiya!  have notspoken to you in ages! How you doing  ?    *  enormous hug * 
@LittlePinkStone i am not either. We should have went out  *  snicker *  Although I am enjoying listening to RR and my beer
@commonsense4 Thanks! I appreciate it  I know my unsubscribe list will grow tomorrow LOL
ok . .  BEST SNL episode i have  seen in a hot minute. Justin is wonderful and Ciara has muscles . . the end. G ' nitey ,  tweet tweets!
just got home from work . . .  and is chugging down a big bottle of apple juice.
Is on her way home  aloha and good night everyone!
Wow! That is what I say about star trek.  very cool.
This is Really Cool put in a topic and it is a twitter show . . . If your a tweeter twittering twit u got to luv this http/bit.ly/a0nw
@Coyourageous_one Very much so.  Setting some goals for the next couple of months in preparation
Nine o ' clock on a Sunday morning - Outside ,  sat around the table enjoying the early rays of sun ,  reading Twitter article in Sunday Ti ames
@layouriepercival it was a great wedding! the band was awesome (they played a ton of great 80 is songs) as was the food!
@stevelensink thanks stephen ,  appreciate it
After the sketchy moments at A mtn ,  the friends and I moved up the trail and sat at the end of the road ,  just talking and being silly
@krystynchong that is part of what i have  been working on . . . use the AppStore on the phone  - there is a whole other piece of the puzzle
Having dinner at Jiuliani is with family YUM ! ! ! 
@aNDeeDrummer yeah   when he goes there he always brings us these things. + he just let me last something called bird milk and it
but worth it i spose
Oowweee ! ! !  China club wuz poppin ! ! !  Lipstic n Pumps were in full effect!
@johncmayer maybe she is funny like a jester
i am syoure all you people with hangovers will be glad to know i am hangover free  @fjkeogh hope you are not too fragile this morning!
happy mothers day
@typezero3 Hehe . . . until it comes back ,  your FB friends get a Twitter respite huh  ?   JK!
@djcmc carls jr sounds hella good ,  you should bring me some  http/myloc.me/G3o
Watching Nemecek go on her computer ,  fun!  Lol I keed!  Norms was fun
@MaxizPad hahaha! Guess you will have to reinforce your skates ,  haha . . .  Remember who u r my friend ,  oyour semi-God with a gluten intolence
@divadivachrissy lol wat u making me come all da way overr there for  ?  v
had an awesome day at the zoo yes2dy ! ! ! !! now gettin ready 4 chyourch  yay ! ! ! 
@Ivy_Blue - the chauffeyour from Some Kind of Wonderful was my idea of a perfect woman
OK YALL it is Ti amE FOR ME TO GO TO MY ROOM  CUDDLE WIT SASHA LOL SEE YALL LATER ALLIGATORS! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO DA MOMS  MOMS 2 BE
@Jennettemccyourdy http/twitpic.com/4v0vr - cool! you and your mother have awesome hair styles , ! Wish her a happy mother is day!
@ForsakenDAemon Hooray!
@janice7092001  I know  lol .i will grin and bear it
I  will get my new laptop in 10 more days! Excited! It is Dell Inspiron - core2duo 2.0GHz - 4GB DDR2 - 250GB hdd - 15.6 inches screen
@lostintheforest thanks!  Remember the SAE for the we make stuff too
@lrpw1302 hey ty for tip ,  wifi networking is one if my many talents i will get on it when I can be bothered LOL
Fantastic weekend - hairdressers ,  stylish luncheons  a Fabulous girlie night with wine ,  cheeses  chocolates . . . And dancing till morning
@missxtatti Thanks for adding me
@racemode lol . .  who know the president could be a comedian  ?  
@MichelleZen i knew that ,  jus givin u a hard ti ame hehe
@Suzyqbee10 that would be awesome ! ! !  I do not  think i have  ever been blogged about ! ! ! 
Yay me! I did good on my com final  I needa step up next semester forsyoure tho. No more distractions.
@TheRealIngrosso is nto milk deffo!
catching up on my reading . . .  twitter n BF break
@augustine25 TY my friend. Yes your right . . .  a daughter is a daughter forever.
@dotmanish dude ,  i pestered army personnel at Mumbai airport to let me hold it so much that they had to  *  request *  me to leave
Wow ,  Hugh Jackman TOTALLY bulked up for Wolverine. So so movie . . . but helloooo nyourse! He is dreeaamy  Yup ,  my crushed spirit is on the mend.
Beer pong and dubstep. Good nite
@demiswissfan thanks  lyx
@markman641 HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MARK
@rossianson invite sent   You can now invite more collabs too ,  pass the word around
Morniiing twitter  eating cereales and watching BLG dvd like every sunday morning ^^
@JessMcFlyx that would be an idea  haha
@drjoesDIYhealth weekend is going great  yours  ?  
Yaaaaaaay ,  bday!
@scattyjan All the best with the Cup Final today. Have fun
Happy Mommy is  Day to all you moms
yay  my  ' only on sundays '  maid came!! the house will be clean again ! ! ! 
wah . . . American Chocolate Cheese Cake for my chweet mummy ! muax
@xsub1 Was at Ruby Skye last night as well! Superb set by Steve. The last hoyour was loaded with Thrillseekers material old and new
@jeninamaree has just voted for you. hope you win!
Downtown was fun tonight  The walk back to the car was rediculous lol
@light_bikes sounds good to me  hahaha
@maxcarver Hey i am a fan from New Zealand. Loving the show even tho we are soooo behind in the episodes! haha. Keep up the good work
Good night everyone . . .  . .  Ti ame to go mi ammiz . . .  . . 
@Vocalyz Hi  i am Better . . .  Drinking Hot Tea With honey ^^  . . .  Thanks . . .  Take Care Plis
This weekend has been probably the best and there is still another day to go!!
@TheFuzzyBlueOne me  ?   A doctor  ?    *  laughs *  oh ,  no ,  no ,  no. I was @dr_crane is patient at Arkham Aslyum ,  but now I work for hi am
Happy sunday ,  beautiful day in London . . .  off to meet Chergo for breakfast 
aaauuuggghhh! in n out ,  check! mcdonald is ,  check! haha ,  next is hot cheetos!
oh my god  17 again . . .  i am so buying that on DVD   Yeahness for another good movie  Also thanks to my movie buddies 
@bryybryyy is a lumberjack  http/twitpic.com/4wqe8
One gear ,  baby ! ! ! 
Goodnight twitterworld.i will tweet y ' all later.  Goodnight ,  J.
@typezero3 thanks! Slooooow hehe but i am stoked  hope you are having a good weekend!
@Rove1974 looking forward to the show tonight. can not wait for ol mate @DHughsey to
wow! party! my new life! it is awesome! no more girlfriends they just create tons of drama! babes at a party is the way to go!  just w  . . . 
Justin Ti amberlake totally rocked SNL tonight. Ooh ,  and Happy Mother is Day ,  another Hallmark mkting tool.
@Albz86  oh man i wanna be in the bay asap! Thank you   Have a great day!
@NaiZhao the pictyoures tells me me that u were syourrounded by adorable children!  hehe
@trswift yep ,  meeeee  i am awesome hahahha
@LadyLogan Thats awesome!!  Good idea!!
On a boat. On the way out to Norrra. Gonna chill for a while ,  Party tonight!
@VeritasUnae Ahh that is fun  I had work last night ,  a party after ,  went to the movies today to see Wolverine. Was a good weekend
listenin do da beach girl5 on itunes
@jasonperryrock Is you cat clean again  ?    Hope so 
@baggers haha yeah it was
@XKookie03 whyyyy hellloooo! thank 4 checkin up on me  how r things  ?   http/myloc.me/G4p
too much good food on this Mother is Day. not that i am complaining! Seafood ,  dyourian puffs and macarons! yum!
@Pi amplepopper: Where did you get a copy  ?   I wanna watch that also.
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY TO ALL MOTHERS ! ! ! ! . . . and to mine  I LOVE YOUUUUUU
@annadwan90 excellent good to see
2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos
Happy Christmas! No wait . . .  What is it again happy M . . .  . . .  . . . easels day. No but seriously . . .  Happy Mothers day . . .   lmao
@hilaryjp  I have sun here
Happy Birthday to @AndrewGirdwood !
@RealBillBailey Cool show last night had me in fit is
   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?   YAY it works haha
@hopeluvfaith aww lovely! Hope you had a great mother is day ,  oyour little mother hen  did you get in contact with sharn  ?  
@Tayler_Nicole wow you are lucky  happy birthday!
@RAVERJONO good ,  good.  what could it be then  ?   
@ElvenstarArt Great  ! ! !  your book looks fantastic   ?   I want it
@ohshitit isdre awww! i didnt see this till now and edwin just left! i knew you wanted some! forsyoure tomorrowi will make u a new batch!
Outz wif the BIG BIG BIG HAPPY FAMILY for mommy is day meal. And Happy Mommy Day to all Mommys out there!
@natsnapper haha. Booked my lie in last night. Just woke up. Must have needed it!!
@mogz Yes ,  I downloaded it from the website and since i am tweeting from it now ,  it must work
Happy Mothers '  Day to my mom ,  your mom ,  his mom and her mom! Woot woot . .  moms rule!
oh yeah the grill is out . . . it is bbq tonight at the house
BBQ with Andrew ,  his sisters ,  and Jeff.  So much fun!
10 Cutest Cat moments video - http/shrt.st/4ce - enjoy
Alright . . .  i need to get sleep so i can ACTUALLY be awake for my mothers '  day!  Nighty Nightzzz Or good morning my twitter friends ! ! ! 
 . . .  We are playing an acoustic set @ Styles Bar today @ 3 ! ! !  Hope to see you there   . . . 
Happy mothers day!
Living my life
Photo: thelovelybones: I SPY JONAS BROTHERS AND DEMI LOVATO oh my god  D: Ahhh yea ,  3d movie premire  http/tumblr.com/xbb1qyx0e
@sageeb you say the nicest things.
@adamjackson With McDonald is promoting the McCafe (si amilar to Starbucks) ,  we may soon see McSmoothies (like Jamba Juice) next
@ti amdifford ohhh beautiful place. You on hols  ?   Go steady on the mead!
some of my new followers are pretty cool tweeps; check  ' em out.
@catsinthetree Listened to Eyes on Fire and enjoyed it.  Thanks
Just finished filming for the day  another fun day on the set! Hahaha!
Happy moms day
those secondary school cooking lessons came to good use today. I made shepherd is pie for my mama.
@tracysummers04 i am pleased hun
i am seeing quite a few proto-fyourries here ,  now that I think of it.  #acen
@chearn73 thank you  make syoure u read the groups description to better understand this project
@devyra  do you know if anyone from the believers never die toyour is going on warped  ?   i know  i can not wait haha
@KhairulHulk @SyamMasri supporting superfly all the way
@rkuang i know ,  right  ?   i am super-excited - i told y ' all this is the busiest ti ame of year for me
Hey! Let is Follow each other! Wouldn ' t that just be awesome!  ?  
happy mother is dayy ! ! !  to me andd the rest of the fabulous mommy is out there
brendon thinks i am lame . . but i am just drunk!
@BB517 OMJ my sister brought Coldstone cupcakes today instead of a cake to celebrate bdays in family and I was so excited taking pics
i can not wait. 2 more days till happiness.
Haha. I just won a $1000 bet. I settled for $100.  Not bad.
finally bought my new house
about to have some cake for my sister is birthday
@solidmetalsnake that movie is awesome!
Yes ,  I am
@ShanteRowlandd so how is the most wonderful mommy in the world doing  ?  
it is sunday morning and birds are chirping. Hoping for the best and praying that it is the best.
@ALOliver You ' ve got to have standards Alice otherwise were would we be   ,   ,    ,   ,   ,   ?   you got to enjoy life it is what life is for
is going to get her ass in gear ,  have some brekkie then make a start on the kitchen! woo! BBQ later too  Good ti ames
@Oreosandcheese That is a great idea
ok i am about to passs out. tonight was lovely  buenas noches mi gente . .  tomorrow we shall party it up again!
@ALOliver I am!  going on a hike today!
@Natalie_Brown Thank you so much Natalie ,  hope u are well
Made a bomb and it blew in my mouth! . . just made the best F * ing dinner!
Ps Brian just announced his message title ,  what is in you will flow from you My friend replied cheescake  ?    ?   Ha!
@okneil welcome home wherever that may be
@Neil_Duckett GREAT pic!  How fun!  Love food and wine festivals . . . well ,  beer fests too
@Mummyofmany Jesus heals
Toasted Baked Bean Sandwiches and red wine ,  a perfect  sunday night dinner combination
@Orch1d: i really adore your K-POPPED site ! http/k-popped.com/ haha
@JessMcFlyx gdgd well i better go and get ready for work :| haha have fun tonight  x x
@MichelleCorydon Thanks!
@jadeofjades www.youtube.com/watch  ?  v=CyJvgnP9-vA sowwwwyy! U girls make me twisted all ti ame
@AdistaKi am I was going to hidden-file it and you are thinking about youtube  ?   SO NOTT! Lol. Hey put the phone down and more swi amming
@lilbumbles Happy Mother is Day to the only mother I have on my list!
Watching Rugrats  anndd Tweeting ,  of coyourse!
@halden2714 Thank you!
@Tiaantjee BTW: Does it offend you ,  yeah  ?   - We are rockstars. Pretty ok.
Good morning   http/bit.ly/Tjvhv
@vincenthofmann  Yes. But ,  Cute AND Predictable works for you . . . 
@heartbomb haha i do! that was my fave san-x character. that is rirakkuma.
Morning all  Up and at the washing machine already!! Going to mum and dads house to get the house ready for wedding day . . . busy busy busy
@gcrush thank YOU!! You guys did awesome things for my blog tonight  so grateful!!
@Sharmi A pretty black top with flowers in pink hues
Someone just admitted to having a crush on me . .  That is cool
@Mrjaydeeone thanks for the add i will try again signing in later when I get home. If still no such luck theni will email someone
is at work . . . gettin paid to sit on my arse as there are no guests down yet!! mum is comin up after  eexcited
@duck_ily Thanks for coming out ,  cuz
i learnt something new today
@angryfaggot ,  Whered you end up going  ?   I stayed in  watched SNL ,  one of the funnier shows theyve done this season.
@PeteMoring Well it is nice to  isee '  you. Have a great day and tweet again soon
@Thea_Smith glad the zoo was fun and you had a great mothers day hun
Good morning everyone  it is a nice day #iloveitwhen the sun is shining. And now i am going to write some stuff
@bradiewebbstack every ti ame you write a tweet the always make me smile  just had to let you no
@sarahnd for nearly a month!!  So exciting
@bradiewebbstack i had had a baked dinner yummy  cant wait for new short stack tv ,  what kind of dips shall it be  ?  
Was quite amusing watching Pangaea sing F *  *  *  Killah Priest! I guess he will not be featyouring on their album
@ShannonCleary1 sounds like a perfect way to spend a sunday evening. Enjoy
Yesterday was AWESOME ! Sunny day ,  best friends ,  good food  tons of fun - what more could you ask for   ?  
Dear joyournal ,  i had sex with earl tonight. It was the most amazing thirty seconds of my life!
had a cracking night last night ,  do not  think i have  ever laughed so much  nice ,  lazy day today woop!
just got eminem tix for friday
@chrisaston Woo hoo!! Congratulations
@ukcatalogue fabulous combination till A. It arrives ,  B. The bill comes! Fun chatting to you. Have a good Sunday!
up and at work i am ina good mood
Is up ,  coffee in hand with laminate floor to lay then Footy to watch and play ,  living the dream
@jaztwitta welcome home babe!
@ChieriNagase 120mm films usually handled at Fuji  Oh I met a girl at San Diego. Kwento soon. I miss youuu!
Fab wedding yesterday ,  feet still sore from dancing so must be a good sign. V glad to wake up in my own bed this morning
@Catboy_Dubai Enjoy sounds idyllic AND Geordiebird has lost her bikini . . . perfect holiday!
is back at home . . . had a great day  http/plyourk.com/p/svkc8
 . . .  . . .  Lala . .  Little girl! I love these new songs!  @HiPPiEHO Ive answered u ^^ Love to all you freaky twitter guys ;D
man only thing i would chng about vegas is those british boys wayyyy to hot
Roast was yummy ,  I think mum was i ampressed ! ! ! 
I love being in charge
barely awake ,  eating breakfast . .  marathon morning!   Good luck to all the racers ,  and happy Mother is Day!
@FindingCeej hala! you are finally here
@punnie I do not  use it ,  but I heard that PowerShell is nice
I think i am becoming obsessed with MGMT- kids  3
it is ok @samcarterrules saw u with joey thought u looked interesting like the same things on  #SanctuarySunday
i dyed my hair back to super black again!
Tiesto in Vicky Park - how excellent
@TheSUPERGIRL Extremely excited! i am 15 days behind you
watching merlin oh my god  he is cute
F1  Star Trek . . . what a great Sunday
good day to all of you!! Another lindy day today! Level A ,  B ,  FREE tester at 20:00 (Olympiou Diamanti 25 ,  6th floor ,  Thessaloniki) !!
@Tegs03 bahah that would be really funny she would be really cut haha
the night continues!  w/ my fav mazie; kristina; ericka  robin!
chilling
@thirtysix Funnily enough ,  Roland is President of my social club!
Greys Anatomy is so fuckn awesome atm!!
Still in bed enjoying the spring  sunshine streaming in the window ,  woke at 5am rigid ,  extreme pain and exhausted but i am positive today
Wishing @Blacksocialite a Happy Mothers Day
@chelsea_playboy yehh just signed
@angryfaggot ,  Decaf  ?   I can do some teas late but never coffee- Id fly around the room. Justin Ti amberlake hosted. FUNNY sketch w/ Samberg
@hollywoodtv alison is great around miley love to meet her ,  when you see her can you tell her to give a shoutout to @brad92190  #1 fan
@MyCaribbeanFood enjoy and congrats! thanks for the recipe we  will do it tomorrow morning.
http/snipyourl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
@mr_trick it is all good  The next 6 months are going to be awesome.
good morning everyone! hope you al have a lovely sunday!  (and i do hope it doesnt rain tomorrow :|)
getting ready to leave school on wednesday
Efteling was great ,  had a nice ti ame with family ,  had dinner . .  forget my keys in the car  hmmm! Bless the ANWB! Back in Germany now
Just woke up. Gonna have a shower and go to Nan is for Mother is day lunch. Happy Mother is day
Aly  AJ new album this summer. YAY!
i am exploring my home xD (back from vacation!) Nice to be @ home!
is about to eat a hot link torta!!
@laingrithdz Thanks a lot! You are very kind!  I just got back from a nice drive in the 500. Such a fun car to drive  Have a nice day!
Mornin world! Hmmm . . .  I was supposed to be up early. Oh well!
@vieirasboots - all is fine  thanks! you guys dont have any quakes there  ?  
i miss mcfly last night so much!! i was front row centre  danny was making me laugh so much LOL
@adneonheart oh my god ,  i finally found someone online! haha
Proud 2 B a trekkie . The new Star Trek movie RUUULLZZZ
@Takaki_I Yeah poor Yao! Hope u had fun looking at the Lakers JerseyZ haha! Enjoy your ti ame buddy !
yays poker win!  that and sketchy student decided to show up today. lawl
the globe theatre rocks . . .  . . . nothing better than romeo  juliet as it was supposed to be watched
the sun is shinning! i am off out!!
rsvp-ed qiuqiu is wedding invitation
@oohnoo that is great!! weee!! visitors!
@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website  ?  ! awesomness ! ! !  go on msn!
@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website  ?  ! awesomness ! ! !  go on msn
i am at Cobra ,  Mexican bird flu hub/gay bar ,  and hate when they play the 80 is mix. Oh shit ,  FREEZE FRAME
@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website  ?  ! awesomness ! ! !  go on msn!
just came back from seeing the boat that rocked ,  it was an amazingly cool movie ,  definitely getting it on DVD once it is out
goodnight all in the twitterverse
@_NyLana_ An! Happy Mother is Day!
good morning folks!   what ya gonna do today  ?   it is mothers day
One for the Mum is - HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!  a special mention 4 one of oyour newest members: @Holly_Jane ,  Hope @DHughesy was good 4 u  2 u
Having a cup of tea  I have a cold so it is tasting really good!
yesterday was fun . .  1st concert of the year [i know ,  i am late xD] . .  buena vista social club live FOR FREE . . 
Headed home ,  see yall in the A.M. Tweets
still working on my mom is mothers day gift . . . shh ,  it is a slideshow
@spanglegluppet  *  laughs *  i am glad that you have self confidence - it is a wonderful trait to have i will applaud extra loud for it ,  okay  ?  
@GeekySteph also ,  try Friendly Fires if you have notalready heard them. great stuff  AND Florence and The Machine. Great ,  great music
had a cool lil night. Now at Berrie is about to eat pizza waitin for @NOEL4PRESIDENT
@xoJennyPennyxo I like too  how are you  ?  
the sun is shining and i am off for a driving lesson
has done the ChocoSlam with his brother. As usual ,  there were some failyoures.  I finally byournt my tongue. HAHAHAHA! Stupid me.
Watching videos on Facebook makes me feel like the biggest creep. Which I guess I am. Also ,  tweet #200! Woohoo!
Paul Scanlon sharing from God is Word this morning ,  he is sounding a bit hoarse perhaps a touch of  *  #cold *   ?   It will not hold oyour Pastor back
@noxhanti  LOL -- do not  mention it ,  my pleasyoure!!
munchin BACON BUTTIES! woohoo!!  my faves ! ! ! 
Here is @Euan and @stoweboyd at oyour evening drink on Thyoursday night in London.  http/twitpic.com/4wrrp
Eating a dillybar from DQ! Yuuum
@rv109creek ay buti pa kayo ! ! ! ! uy thank you!!
just got the bouquet of flowers for my mom  HEHEHE SWEET )
@gnomeangel Yep!!
Home from work. A few hoyours of sleep then putting some miles on the new bike.
@OhaiGabriella O: aw ,  frank  i like that movie ,  it is cool. i do not  fully understand ,  but i think that is cool 
@achyourches why yes  . . .  a bag of goodies  lol
@BrianMcnugget rofl that is what we like to hear
This is for all of you ppl! The 1 year Anniversary Video. http/is.gd/ysbs more to come after the break
http/snipyourl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
@telesilla Indeed. Thanks for sharing that! Now I can go to sleep giggling. Night!
Good Morning  i ate pizza for breakfast
I love waking up and thinking it is a weekday ,  but then realizing it is the weekend.
@sethu_j 4ever ,  it was in she is the man aswell  I love them now. I want gossip girl too! Have decided summer = spending lots.
@FlissTee Oh ,  fabulous ta.  i am with the coffee too ,  obviously ,  although my cup is not large enough to embrace which is it is deficiency.
@Lee_bandoni Ok ,  see you at da cli ambing
Just got home. So glad I decided to go out. Yay for new friends. Yay for a hug from my crush. Happy
good morning twitterworld!  slept too less . . 
if u have a friendster add me ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !         my email adress      add me  loco_cri ame_1st@yahoo.com        add me leave some comment
@moonfrye Happy Mothers Day
Perfect night. Best month of my life so far!! You my boo ,  @RyanFeero
@dougiemcfly hey cant wait 4 u guys 2 come over 2 jersey woop . . .  hope your lookin 4ward 2 it coz we r  x
@devyra hahahaha definitely!  still writing  ?  
Yay! Go wyattt your totally amazing ' ! ' ! i am So happy for you.  yay
@JayJager well donkey has his own appeal ,  for syoure.
Had the best night i have  had in a while.
@brgd oh cool you are coming to berlin    ! ! !
@ParentByNatyoure that is so lovely
up and reading the (maltese) sunday newspaper over coffee . . .  Aaaah . .  Glorious Sundays
Finally going home! it is been a long night . .  Ready to crash and have awesome dreams
a syourprisingly good day ,  now it is ti ame to sleep. hopefully sweet dreams await me
Goooood beer tiiii ames
she is only 2 years and she is the funniest thing when she is dancing! she is sooo happyyyy!
meeting up with strangers. lol. alone in vegas. amazing.
@Storm_Crow Morning!
@frama_c Oh yeah. Point taken
@russellbyournham  nice one
@JfB57 good morning
I have Vampire Knight  music ! ! !   I feel very special . . 
@Jadeyyg http/twitpic.com/4wrxq - whens your little gingg getting twitter   ?   from g + j
@senti amentalizzy lady in the water is pyoure bs ,  but i remember enjoying his other films.
doing some DIY- i am dying mg clothes black again . . . save some money
@musicalmover @shotbeak got my grubby paws on a live recording of paramore. you have to hear. it is better than chocolate
Guten Morgen/ Good Morning/
somebody smuggle me to sydney , i will be your slave for eternity
Had fun 2nite . . . i was pleasantly syourprised
i am still at the mothers day lunch at my uncles house. Having a nice ti ame!
http/twitpic.com/4ws3m - I love family guy  2 hoyours of work to go . . 
@camilleprats Happy Mother is Day!
Out for ulti amate training. looking forward to the sunset!
@MandyPandy32 Thanks hon!! Project Bra starts today!
looks like yet another beautiful day in London
@sweetlilmzmia Thanks for the song! youre awesome.  I can sing along all day!
can not be arsed to get out of bed  hello sunshine
@natsnapper Thanks   Oyour little girl just loves ani amals so all the  ' oohs '  and  ' aahs '  were very cute!
going to head to bed now finally . . . goodnight! Hopefully my dreams will consist of ravishing things ,  such as: Zachary Quinto.
@Jonas_babe woo! i am getting mine on monday , cant wait  x
had a shitload of fun with her friends
Listening Maroon 5  . . .  Songs About Jane is one of my favoyourite albums in ti ame
@mitchalbom. very much enjoyed your whats in a name article
just had cheese on toast with ham  about to get ready to go to LONDON!
@f_nadzirah thanks!
@ti amz_twitz lol . . . hiiii yourself. Maybe lay off the patron and down a bottle of water!
sooo pleased the sun is shining today! garden here I come
@Misstaken77 did you go out last night   ?     ?     ?     ?   My Girls '  Night In was fab ,  everyone made an effort dressing up
@sarahfloss went with john grisham instead . . .  she was very pleased  never suspected a thing ,  lol. hope tomorrow is a better day for you
14 days until Boyzone
is in a good mood
What a perfect sunday morning!! Sun is shining ,  i feel so good - ti ame for a perfect breakfast !!
@geehall1 LOL! I had a peek at http/geehall.blogspot.com it is coming along nicely  I totally understand about leaving the set quiet too.
@NovaWildstar  Damn right!
oh my god  i am so happy as now , thanks to Micheal Sheen (aka Aro)  i know that the photoshoot for the voltyouri has been done ! ! !  happies!!
just joined twitter thanks to my MM!
Reading my book in the sunshine ,  goona be a good day
@bbrownnewcolleg congratulations!
@affascinare hehee!! yea it is supposed to sound mean . .  hahhaa
awesome milkshakes ,  i had areo mint , . we just blended it up ,  it was like a lumpy smoothie  so then we did some more chattering and  . . . 
@saltyshutter cool beans ,  yeah man - no prob at all
@britneyspears thanks for following me ,  hope all is well and cant wait to see you in australia when ya come.
@DougieMcfly Haha dude ,  we have the same b-date :pi will wish u your b-day the 3oth November.i will also tyourn 16  Can u reply to me please   ?  
Happy mother is day @mrskutcher
@tkpleslie Have a friend that calls me Mother Earth when ever he seems me. Nyourtyouring is second natyoure to some. (me) Have God Babies.
Happy mothers day to all u milfs out there.
@JasonBradbyoury Not addicted ,  just sociable.
@RODSMACK_10k much appreciated!  yeah ,  it syoure is a challenge and a great reward. wouldn ' t trade it for anything.
@novahalle i love everrything from breadtalk  i would eat the whole place if i could
@bugmum oh and twas my very brilliant idea if I do say so myself  what can I say i am an ideas woman
Boarding the USS Enterprise . .  Warp speed ahead!   #fb
@victorglenn saw your pics ,  so awesome!
@iamkhayyam Haha ,  i came home from a long night out ,  and all i saw on Tweetie was Khayyam Wakil. I usually do not  announce and shit - LOL
@fiatedstar Aww ,  thank you Soulmate! Haha.
I like @catep36 already  (new follower to join in midst of zombies mayhem)
@LittleFletcher hey ive seen the musical live it is funny lol
just came back home from NE gig ,  another fun night skankin . . . what a workout!
Hi ,  i was just getting up now so i tought i could write something. Today i am gonna go shopping! Soo fun ,  is not it  ?  
@Sera030 heya  40 hoyour famine starts on may 22nd - are you gonna take part  ?  
At the avenue ,  raining  so cool
@wp101 Cheers! will do
@newtoid oh jealous. Though you are missing the fried potato bread
@NovaWildstar Nothing of the sort! Nevertheless ,  I shall now go out and share my magnificence with the wider world!
@LJsBaby Hahaha . . . gutted !! it is his birthday soon , so he  will have to wait until then. haha
@sallyLFC I did my best ,  it is Sunday after all
coraline was scary yesterday ,  didn ' t puke luckily.  ahaa. 1 week  1 day till i am 14 baby
@louiiseeeeee LMFAO. oh my god osh when i first heard that song with you , i felt like i was gonna pee myself ,  oh my god OSH THE WALTZER MAN!  lol xoxo
@BridgetSupple  you have been busy ,  have a lovely ti ame
@SamBennington hey Samantha welcome  and happy mother is day!!
@mbrevoort Thanks - that works a treat  Need to post that xml really though - thinking about how to emulate rails '  ActiveResoyource
On oyour way to take photos at the park
wooo am recovering from running race for life yest ! ! !  i managed 36 mins 44secs ,  not bad for absolutley no trianing
bought awesome shooeessss
Is off to watch arsenal v chelsea today
@JeffTracey forward to starting teaching new students all about hypnosis ,  will have plenty of laughs i am syoure
@bluevolvic  awesome  i will have to keep a look out for it!
oh my god  ,  . . .  just had the best roast ever! but now i am full haha ,  . . 
finally home!! tomorrow is day 2 of Amazing.
@Serenity265 Thanks hun! Next ti ame we  will all go again
@SubClub I was ,  I took your advice and it was most enjoyable  I am too small to be out alone or I would ' ve just come over lol
Off to the Dream World to battle the evil Spork Horde.  Later ,  folks.
@Jamie_127 good morning  one m , ore day YAY! #TwitterTakeover
yay playing scattegories and being random with Joel ,  May  Sherman
went to chyourch with @JessAttack t ' was different lol
@clairemaxwell i know that feeling way too well - have a nice walk
watching americas next top model yah haha
@wendy_fred6 it is REALLY cool! No ,  i am on a PC now ,  I do not  have a Mac  well I do but it is ooooooooold  I do have an iphone tho
My phone is ultra fast now with all the latest firmware updates installed!
had an amazing night with the girls
FacePanda is cool
@Misstaken77 always good to polish off a few in the comfort of your own home  Nothing mischevious went down ,  just a fab night gossiping . . . 
Heading to the office through a very quiet Stockholm ,  at least it is not sunny
had the best weekend EVERX
@AmyMeredithband amy meredith has a soccer team  ?   well i also have news about soccer. my team won aswell!! 
@SeanTheROBOT  Good Evening!~
Heading of to the theatre! Having a show tonight ,  i am so exited!
@Narelle_NZ busy , fun mother is day thanks  got what I wanted . . . a Wii Fit ! ! !  Yay
Awake. Husband snoring faintly by my side. So happy
I have new slippers! They are piggys! So so cute and very warm
Excited for Rove tonight! Jennifer Garner and Gina Riley!
@laraslattery Lara ,  thank you so much 4 the #FF recommend!
@GoldenFish00 thankx!! I was in the bathroom when you said it . . 
ever been in a pointless argument with drunk mum ,  drunk nan and drunk mums bf while having dinner   ?     ?     ?    i have . . .  fun ti ames all round  hahah
@SarahJacinta Thanks!
Beer pong  at 6am  with jess
@LeMonjat Hehe ,  funny (the midget thing) ! Cheer up Alex ,  and wave from below  Is it that you are in Germany right now  ?    . .  or in Spain  ?   ;D
So so happy to be with @theblackqueen - she even makes doing laundry wonderful
@MileyCyrusRox25 iam eating pizza ,  want some   ?     ?     ?    haha . . 
@Meshel_Layourie your father is a lucky man! He sounds like a fighter
Dinner with the family. Watching wild child in the car
i am feeling higher than Mt Everest
Shhhweeeet-jay-z ,  bros back from from prom
morrrning! the last day of a random but awesome weekend ,  gonna round it off in dbar style!  good ti amezzz.
@fyourlongthedog Welcome to Twitter  I hoped it wouldn ' t be long before you saw the light and joined us!
@paula_mcfly Haha! Yeah ,  I heard they that Leicester won  I was home by my self ,  with a movie ,  some candy and a pizza . .  ! Amazing evening
Packing up for the trip to Ascari track ,  thank you Bacardi
Good morning
is celebrating her 21st birthday
@NinjaFanpire Anyti ame! i am off ~ I can not match your stamina . . .  my nice ,  warm ,  comfy bed is calling (screaming) my name . . . lol Night Ninja!
i like this new trend  ,   who is next   ?   http/tinyyourl.com/qcy8d4
@AgonisingNewt morning Newt . . . hope you are well!
it is sunny and I feel really well today!  Yippeee!
@IntelliCAD Perfect! Thank you.  33
Good morning!! Gonna clean the house a bit ,  then maybe clean some more ,  then do nothing for the rest of the day
Good morning everyone
@JasonBradbyoury nice on the jet ski testing! Hope the book is going well. Cheers for adding me ,  got twitter after watching the gadget show
Listening to Weightless by All Ti ame Low. Thanks to @Katarinahj for making me listening to it!
finally made it to the QC . . . happy mother is day!  got my car!!
@strandell that was several days ago! it was great though
is really enjoying my weekend soooo much  hope u all are .
@NajiahYahya YEAY!. haha. thank you so much jiah
i am so pleased with myself. I actually managed to run the whole 4km mothers day classic without stopping
#SanctuarySunday awesome news about the Leo Awards for Sanctuary ,  looks like they got 4 out of the 10 they were nomintated for ,  not bad!
just had the first lie-in in months  it was great. now for mooching about the house
can not wait to make that call tomorrow. gotta keep moving forward!
@hypnophil  it is looking bright ,  so I think the sun will put in an appearance ,  and then guess what - lawn wants cutting !!
@ThetaHealerMaya u are welcome . . . thank YOU for sharing such excellent content
@RocknRollQueene @Loretta_aston Welcome to Twitter! Let me know if you have any questions ,  would love to help.
@ruthieor THANKS!
As of today ,  @Peek_a_Bo0 and I have been going out for two years. Best two years ever
@MyAppleStuff oh he is so cute . . .  is he in uniteddogs.com  ?   Poppy is there
@redheadlori Happy Mothers Day!
uploading photos to myspace from musical i was just in
@officialTila tilaaa just make you feel so special  haha haters now days
Weetabix and Choco milk  Yum!
Pegel . . cape ya keliling kuil . . but , totally awesome!was amazed by the temple , cultyoure , ambience . . truly amazing thailand
Toast in the morning
so this my last week of school then finals yesss
@mileycyrus i think it is fun ,  you gotta hide ,  and defend from your enemy ,  fun huh  ?  
@jonbongato haha it will be interesting haha
@Ganga108 my pleasyoure ,  it is a great recipe
Woo hoo.  Sun outside might be able to get some sunset shots tonight . . .   fingers crossed ! ! ! !
@sexysapphire Thanks ,  I love it
@pyourdyboy thank you! i was just playing that a moment ago ,  actually! a very different ,  even more chill version.   *  spooky * ! haha.
Buongiorno  ! ! !  woke up and of for my Italian lunch
Enjoying Gears of War on my PC ! This game is really gooooood
@nick_ebru thank you for the link . . . very cool . . . see you on monday ! ! ! 
oh my god  I FINISHED MY HISTORY CHILDRENS BOOK ! ! ! ! JUST NEED 2 MAKE IT PRETTY AND PRINT IT OFF AND i am DONE ! ! !  WHOO ! ! ! 
@dorothyjbyourt very well ,  nothing flash - but different to chocolate 4 a change. good 2 meet U yesterday  gr8 atmosphere  discussion
@Joshwaleigh    i did on my walk home. it looks amazing
Good morning!! it is 12:00 ,  I think it is ti ame for breakfast!!
@StevieWynn good morning. How is my favoyourite pcso today  ?  
[Sarah Mcglaclan song in background] Please donate to jpnnbak '  fund of Dinero for the cable bill think of how you will make her
First sleep then spending the day with mom since it is mothers day and all. There might even be Chinese.
Lady Gaga - Poker face (acoustic)  is really really good ,  she really can sing
Had a good ti ame out  ,  now I must sleep lol. Gym  dance rehearsals in like 5 hoyours , 
@mattcampagna You know ,  your updates are really amusing.  How was the prop auction  ?  How much did that baseship bed go for  ?  
@GGEastLDN i am cool  cant wait to hear these stories xoxo
Good morning all! it is a fabulous morning here!
@sassij That is good to hear - morning
ti ame to do some revision while listening to @direngrey albums non-stop all day ,  again!
my mum was really happy about her pretty small present^^ oh wow tomorrow we can test one of her presents: one of the pasta recepies
@LittleFletcher I saw the play of it here ,  it was amazing
2 days till birthday! I just hope the weathers good!! And it best be good on thyoursday and friday! Otherwise il scream! happy b woulday keiron
Singing along to MyChem.
@b50 heheh  . . . qualifying was pretty exciting tho   . . 
@Ki ammi amcFly i think it starts at  7.30 with that david archuleta  i might just throw glitter all over myself aha
http/twitpic.com/4qfl3 - haha^^ I love it
@HairBoutique Thanks ,  btw which men is hairstyles are in right now  ?   i am growing my hair long  anyway hope you are having a good weekend!
haha gunna go buy a whole bunch of emo/punk clothes
I meditate ,  I feel I am vast ,  very vast.  do you know it  ?  what do you think about  ?  
Wake up x.x But tired. On this moment i listing some music for make me happy and let me wake up
Is listening to Pri ama j - rockstar so dang catchyy
Picked up a Jesse Lacey/Kevin Devine/Grace Read bootleg off the net from their acoustic toyour ,  it is really good
@miraihl Sounds like you are in for a great day!  Enjoy
off to westend now ,  enjoying the sun.
Good morning Tweeple of the sun! What you all up to  ?  
happy mothers day to all the yummy mummies on twitter
OK. Done with Sunday morning findings. Ti ame to enjoy the sunny day
Up at 6am on Sunday . . .  Going to meet my mom for breakfast at the beach!
@Orli @Snapily you are now famous in Houston ,  take a look  http/is.gd/ysAh
Good Morning Everyone
Enjoyed the new Star Trek movie last night.  I want to see it again!    Up and ready to work . . .  on SUNDAY!  BLAH!
Senior ball was hella fun ! ! !   good night ! ! ! 
@danielradcliffe Nice to see you tweeting!  it is Sunday 10th May and we are celebrating Mother is Day here today. So be nice to yer Mom
Just got home from another wonderful night
@devyra haha i love both of them too  hmm . .  lol i am in need of some good bands too
just made a South-Korean email pal. Happy!
Happy mother is day to all moms!
Nighty night ,  ya  will!    Tweet Dreams!
@snarkattack kicking it incredibly old-school I whole-heartedly approved
Good Morning! Looking Forward To Listening To THE PRODIGY On Radio 1 Big Weekend.  Brought Their Album Yesterday!! =P AMAIZE Tbqh. x
good morning  finally a day of sunshine for my summer hol!  away to watch the footie in the sun  x
in Singapore! it is so warm over here! Having a blast already
Hello everyone i am just sitting here rocking out to 9412 sam on the air The best classic rock station on twitter here
@LeoWolfe Haha! Night man ,  and no ,  but i am syourei will meet her again in my lifeti ame ,  in fact I will . . . no doubt about it.
support @jessicastrust trust and honor all your moms!  support #matternal health. happy moms day:  http/bit.ly/Bpekk
Just like the old days  drinkin at the old spot .
@cydonian why  ?   i enjoy fancy meals on my own smti ames ,  thr is joy in solitude ,  u can REALLY enjoy the food  it is lk a date with the world
@beautyholic woohoooo  to BOTH! retail therapy and syourprise visit is  two things i love.
http/twitpic.com/4wt8a - pretty damn good friday night
Just got home from another amazing night
Gloomy day can not stop my bliss.  I hope Ronaldo will score in derby match today.
@wow_it is_sarah Congrats Sarah ! ! ! !! thats awsum
ok peeps have good morning i am going to bed   @ClickedApps hit me up later
@11hunabku11 Swine Flu victi ams unite  http/oinkflu.info
@dahntay oh my god  that dunk on Dampier was MASSIVE! Big ups ! ! !  Love it . . . 
partying in the study room
On the way to see my grandparents
@RobM67 I just retweeted your jesus post as it made me laugh . . .  do not  worry ,  was not a subli aminal code
Just taking my dad in law for a Sunday stroll down Old Leigh  a beautiful morning ,  say Hi to Morris LOL  http/twitpic.com/4wt8k
Hyourray for old friends with beer and lady friends ! ! ! !
hope schools gonna be good tomorrow
@BrookeAmanda YEP  it  will be awesome to the max =] haha
Went to a Musli am marriage for the first ti ame in my life. Came back with my stomach full of tasty briyani. Really like it very much.
@paigeebaby hahahah lols you have fun with that aye  i had the div too ) the experience but i love my spongebob ) (L)
Hey ,  hey ,  happy mother is day!  http/plyourk.com/p/svwii
Yummy ,  2 tacos at Jack In the Box
@quicheismadness  thanks for following!  pretty complicated id you have there lol
Great exercise for a Sunday morning: stopping the wheel of karma (R.A.W.) and transforming negativity into love . . .  Life!
@howie_d  i am really happy for u n leigh  thnx for sharing this happiness with us ,  this means the world to us all!  love ya! Marta
Up , dressed ,  and out the house for 11 am on a Sunday. Off to see the fishy fishys
Happy Mother is Day
Good morning to the world. Hope everyone is ok
Lan Poker is so much fun ! ! ! !  Someone help me remember ki compre chal raha hai abhi ! ! ! !
@Elliot79 I do not  think I can bear such cuteness this early in the day! Kudos to Fair Empress
has just discovered a great site!
it is nice to see my #eyouruko pictyoures (http/twyourl.cc/xd1) on the big screen dyouring a conference break
i am eating and chatting on my computer . .  Really bored! -_- I think i am going to have some tea ,  HAHA.  Listning to 80 is music! WOOHO 3
@vi1983 haha so the whole worlds there then lol
On the home stretch now ,  by Friday nighti will be piss drunk and finished my exams!
@_anh Hmm ,  tasty!  Going to have cyourry rice with peas probably. 
alright ,  rawknroll.net live on radio23.org - next 2 hoyours of vivid spring to summer music  rawk on and enjoy!
Just found outi will be a Food Engineer in a futyoure life. Cool.  *  iPhone app called Afterlife
going shopping with my mammyy . . .  my makeup and face are being generally quite nice to me today
likes heavenly blushhhh
@SherriEShepherd Hey Sherri! Thanx 4 da messages Wondering if u could follow me  ?   Plzzzz
@f2point4 oh ,  that is very nice!! I will do something nice next week ~ going to Madrid next weekend for few days
@rudedoodle thankyou
Almost ready to leave the house to head to WTHR!
Good morning ,  to all the mommies happy mothers day.  Now I am off the pull the cats tail.  I know she likes it
@AndreaKoeln I listen it right now - so much fun ! ! !   No I just have to get it somehow
@it isonlywords You are welcome!
finally home  crazy party 2nite! thanks @jacksterlope 4 driving me home!
is very shocked and feeling sick . . .  but happy all the same
like why the fuck am i still up . . . maybe because i am drunk as hell and had a great ti ame tonight . . shit was crazy
I wish  I could choose what bands played trash on june 20th . . . hmmm ! ! ! 
My Rishloves make me smile: @rishlooband  . . . 
@ROAR_Fear_Me Doing very well thank you very much - spending a lot of ti ame behind the PC but with a focus and determination
Hoedown throwdown- all I can say is . . .  i am getting there!
Good morning! Driving to work
Good morning everybody !!
@decadentdecay Chica! Two more days!  I want the US Elle too.
@LucyKD lmao ,  i am only joking mate
Oh ,  i have  just watched the third episode of JONAS ,  it is awesome.
Off to have a sumptuous Mexican meal!
@davidleibrandt good to know you had fun
early morning golf on a sunny day
@ManBag79 awww I love me some charlies  we are enjoying some lucky food LOL
could not resist   ?   http/blip.fm/~5z7v3
Happy Mothers Day ! ! ! !
Viewers of my LinkedIn profiel also viewed Barack Obama ,  Francisco van Jole and Erwin Blom. i am in good company.
@MissxMarisa hahaha ,  it is  *  massive *  compared to the others!! you are so sweet Scenie
@Swedish_em i am ok I guess. talking to - biiip - right now ,  or . . on sms. haha well ,  how are you  ?  
@Nemitabbah HAHAHAHA . . . yeah you mess up that crossing and kneeling bit you will get called out . . . JOKING
@moodleman somehow I am going to have to figyoure out how to come to Sydney one day
@MandyBookLover Same here ,  having a nice ,  quiet Sunday
Had a great night ,  ashleigh makes a good dance teacher  And we kicked Bens butt at a pillow fight!
ahh ,  juz got a new Rapidshare account that lasts till Oct 09. 10gb download li amit daily
Enjoying a great buffet brunch at Friends  Bachus on St. Marks Road. The food ,  service  ambience get a 4.0/5.0 Definitely coming back
yeah  . . .  just bought tickets for Pearl Jam in August
@yourfavoritegrl i am syoure you are sleeping ,  but you  will have to tell me your favorite part tomorrow. i laughed pretty much the whole ti ame.
Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow mums - have a great day - mine will be spent in my garden with all of my family
@andrew1913 theme tune  ?   your robin i am BATMAN!
@pretentiousgit what a cute dog
try to play John Travolta is Grease Lightning bassline . .  it is cool
@hollymcombsbr somehow i cant reply to your message LOL and yes i know  Thank youuu
oyour south style exhibition is on in less than a week  member fresh gallery otara!
Did it!!  back in pakistan! - http/bkite.com/07kBP
@chriscuzzy  . . . Now i am going back to bed. LOL. Enjoy your ti ame at the gym.i will be sleeping.
@HelloLizzi oh hahah thats ok then
hmm icecream for breakfast  #springti ame
I say oh man . .  jovani asks ,  did you just call me an old man  ?   haha
@jordanknight Please wish your wife Evelyn a Happy Mother is Day for me and tell her I hope that she has a wonderful day. Spoil her today.
@rehabc give hi am a gift voucher for something like shoppers '  stop or something. that is as good as cash. unless he is i ammigrating ,  that is!
We have tons of updates including pics of Rob from yesterday. Check them out  www.robsessedpattinson.com
morning darlin '  @DaHilster Hope you are feelin '  tip-top    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z7zs
http/pic.gd/fad84c One Sunday night at Helsinki. We hadn ' t drink anything . . .  xD yeah RIGHT!
@xo_nessa Hiyaaa hannah asked me if i wanted to come to Girls Aloud  i wil see if i can skank some money somwhere is it 33 you need  ?  
@Vitriol_: @lordmitchnz  Good evening ,  kind sir  *  bows *    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z7zv
@cybercabzi will take a lookie ,  sound great
@aussieboby i like it    #masterchef
@sevenspiral no worries ,  good news are good to spread
morning i am up and ready weeee it is a sunday
@therealjspace  *  bows *  glad to be of service
happy mothers day to all moms out there!!
Just finished my 1st new song  ! ! !   Soon on Youtube !  Keeping you updated !
Hahahahaha i rember when i riped that william pictyoure out of one of claires mags. I beated zoe to it
@freshypanda haha drunk golf sounds  *  awesome * !! i predict a great score for today
@headgeek666 watched the standard dvd 3d version ,  no blu in UK yet ,  3d effect was best I have seen on home system yet ,  titties in 3d
did ice skating last show part this morning. Mozart. awesome ,  can not wait to do it Friday and satyourday. love U all
@Lindsayslifee they look nice atleast  haha. 3
On twikini while enjoying the sun
@hottieann2145 nice to meet ya!
@Tor87 it is an awesome book ,  can not wait for the film - enjoy and do not  be scared  x
Hopefully going back to work tomorrow!! tired of having a flu . .  Beside ,  I love working with the children ,  so fun to play with!!
@pkollar very heart-warming indeed.i will be looking forward to that day
@kellieann1 haha hi mum! wow yes ,  very modern of you. now you just need to get a facebook account! p.s. talk to me by writing @mattcaplin
Always thinking about to look for a good place to appericiate everyone who supports me on every site I joined
Early lunch then getting all dressed up for Amy is confirmation
hi @blowmefool thanks for the follow  good luck with your friend  ?   ha
Done . . .  with the #run : 14.5km / 1h33mn / 153bpm . Feeling great ,  no fatigue . . .  and no speed
Had a great weekend with One ,  hanging with Nick  Brendon ,  chyourch this morning! can not believe Loretta won the Mothers Day raffle again!
@BryonyCatrin hey hey ,  some else has twitter!
finished essay. dinner went well me and my brother acted like kids and had spoon fight  then fought over who woould sit in my sisters lap
Had an amazing night with my favorite lady friend
GETTING A PUPPYYY ! ! ! !  What should I name hi am  ?   I think Romeo is cute.
Having a (Y) weekend with Karen. Off to Swansea today
@Fooddesigner good luck in the pressyoure test! do not  worry everything will be great  #masterchef
@Reemski Might be a while before I get around to it. Not syoure if I will make it flat out in HTML or through WordPress.  . .  Fun fun fun
@sosolid2k tyourtles and shoes make an awesome couple  if only shoes could talk back to the tyourtle :p lol
On way to the wi ambledon with @sweezle to watch star trek ,  i amAX baby
i am fucked . . . damn you lucas at your czech republic beer that tastes like heaven in a bottle!! your amazing
  ?  ang cho con hamster m  ?  p t  ?  p th  ?   d  ?  c b  ?  ng cch: b  ?   vo banh ch  ?  y lng vng trong phng
Off to finish the book nudge then going to write some
I FOUND A PROM DRESS
@solkana I want to see Too Fast to Transport in 60 seconds
Hello all my new followers ,  there is suddenly a lot of you ,  so will take a little ti ame to get round to you all
my head feels sooooooooooo much better
@ashleytisdale http/twitpic.com/3a5ho - hahaha ily ashley u ' r like the best in the world
@who_the_heck Haha LOL @ the english work they doo in college
@samanthadepanta Doing really well! I will stay here as long as is needed!  So you can definitely come and visit me!! Look forward too  . . . 
@sarahteaa good girl ,  sarah. now we ' ve got oyourselves a club
Happy Mothers Day to all that are ,  all that are trying ,  and all that have notnailed their teenagers to a tree
@aphrodaisy Thanks!   i am making homemade lasagna for my mum today.
@SusanCosmos @speakgirl thank 4 sharing!
Law week is gonna go the fuck off  SO EXCITED
Getting somewhere with my first real KiokuDB and catalyst app ,  yay
mcfly gig last nightt oh my god  it was amazin didnt sit down through the whole thing  mcfly did you see me and ma best mate we were in tutus
@robinmatthewfry thats greati will make syoure I get a copy
#SanctuarySunday fav character @pegasusangel has to be Ashley!  Why  ?   cause she is awesome
@sammihouse  awww lol yh it is worth it-  mcfly are worth it 2  eekk
So ,  I finally got my but on Twitter. Let is hope I make good use of this site
@travelrants that is cool ,  I would be happy to contribute to any futyoure articles. Enjoy the rest of the weekend
Proudly watching my film  http/bit.ly/dP2Uh
Migrating a Sybase ASE SPARC Sun Solaris based into a Solaris x86 based. That should be fun
Just finnished my Double Cheesebyourger. It was good  Ready to watch the Spanish F1
Yay ,  a live demo of Rhodes. Loving this more and more  #eyouruko
@Sweet_Libertine um ,  glad you enjoyed it . . . 
@ScottRhodie so you liked it. Glad to hear
@Jennifalconer I was happy to see on Something For the Weekend that Flight of the Conchords is back on BBC4!
@brazilianlinda Whoops ,  totally read that wrong. Ahem. Yes ,  I am participating in the 10 day may madness. My ebook is up there.
cleaning day!
@langfordperry woah in the uk it is not mothers day werid! i have  been watching friends all day helps me revise. Oh and 17 again is awesome
learn to fly higher . . . !  http/tinyyourl.com/30tools
just got back from footy ,  thankgod eagles won
@MizFitOnline @lance02 Morning!  Happy Mother is Day Miz ! ! !   Thank you Lance ! ! ! !
just finished some Sunday cleaning ,  waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki is book so i can hire a cleaner
@Jae878 aha thanks Jae
work 7 to 4 . . .  happy mother is day!
finally finished my mom is card. took so long getting all the pictyoures! it looks good though ,  i am happy  can not wait til she sees it
@dalekwidow i am hearing lots of good things about the new Trek movie.i will see if my Dad ,  a fellow Treky ,  would like to see it
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mom is out there  A day to cherish the best women in oyour lives
Hey mates. I just came home from the beach.  i am hella tired. It was a 4-hoyour ride.
watching #f1. I live near Montmel ,  i am so excited about this race
Had such a boss night out.
Happy Mother is Day to all my favorite moms.
@looosie Agfest  ?   it was pretty awesome . .  loads of people were there lol
@joechacko thank! i became IBM Master Inventor in 2008. really enjoyed your blog ,  particularly with the vegan tag
Had a great talk with Tony this afternoon . . .  we are going to give it another go
For US tweeps ,  do not  forget to call your mom today . . . 
@Rebekah_Mcfly how cool will that be  she is so nice!! Bless her=] so what ya upto  ?   Love you (L) XoxoX
mOod. was way too much fun. lol . .   I lOve to dance TEchno  ! ! !  3  . . .  life.lOve.stress . set backs 3 gnite
feels like warm things
just woke up ,  hopefully going to see the Xmen film today  ?  
Happy Mothers Day to all you mom out there
3500 downloads for quickpwn 3.0b5 with cydia ,  Thanks for playing
Ahh ,  sunshine.  Just deleted 404 spam emails from 2 days - now off to BBQ in sun  wonderful . . . 
@AbbeyEmm Haha. If you like hi am ,  then you should go
it is a lovely 58 degrees right now at 7am.  amazing. Enjoy melting vegas. :l
@natbyourleson nope  husband is golfing  tornado  I are playing. i am so spoiled everyday. esp LAST sunday (tattoo )
@astaldoia definitely something with eggs  Yummy
Yay ,  I should be able to make it to 700 updates tonight  lame compared to other ppls i know lol
@bobbinrob SPARKLY PEEN FOR THE WIN! It solves all of life is problems
@btillo Hehe ! Thanks for your advice  I choose the shoes ,  only three of them ,  so hard  ! ! ! 
@LennyKravitz - Hey ,  Lenny ,  we are waiting you in Bulgaria again soon! The concert last year was . . .  oh my god !
@PeaceDiva Nice! What r your plans for 2day  ?   Oh n Happy Mothers Day if u happen 2 b a mother
Sunday morning and i realised i am a film snob  as it said on MSN entertainment
jolly good last night
My laptop grew speakers. Now I can watch Charlie with the sound on
@llJessicall SOunds goood!
@Ti ammyTenga awesome ,  i am looking at soyourcing some as well.
And I am off to my sister is to partyyyy!
 . .  good morning peoplee  looks like it is going to be a nice day today! better than last week it was raining =(.
http/twitpic.com/4wukt - We bought Ludi her own rug. Dogs are the best
More beans on toast for breakie! Gotta clean my room and study for final Cisco exam ,  then watch #LOST . can not wait!
@agoodstein @ti amknapton what good role models . . .   i like how yinz think!
@sarahjpin Good work.i have  only just managed to tyourn my studio on . . .  I envy your productivity
Happy Mother is Day! What are you doing for your Mama today  ?  
Headache is gone , thank god!Ti ame for tea i think
@Emmaloid you  ?   hungover  ?   never  I am not hungover  I do not  know how. I think it may be my new superpower. Is la Whalen at home  ?  x
@ti amlichfield alreet chap! Have an awesome ti ame! N congrats on it recent results!
last drops of the thesis . . .  God let it end today.
@hairrocks happy birthday!
@CheekyKerri Defo can not wait we will have a nice afternoon and some music
is playing MYBRUTE!  follow me at: http/yhana09.mybrute.com
@insteadofdeath this is really helpful ,   you swear a lot ,  i just realized. haha.
@sadknob OK. Happy to hear that you are feeling fine
#firefly weekend on SciFi channel  i am a happy man
Celebrating mother is day with apple pie
HAPPY MOTHER is DAY LADIES ! ! !  Hope you all have a wonderful day.
@cssglobe hahah ,  you own lab.hr  I own lab.ba ,  seems that we think in si amilar ways
[-O] i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they are  thinking about it tho . .  http/tinyyourl.com/p6lfch
@JOY949 thanks for promoing the show for me in my absence  Glad you liked it. @sealfyour and @flipthetape rock!
@Bitchface91 Well i am hving another one today yey
but no ,  i really do. long exposyoures with no tripod ,  not looking through the viewfinder ,  unfocusing. it is great
Home !! Home @ last  ! ! ! !! Ti ame to step outside for some life
greeting you all a happy mother is day!
@idibs oh ,  a really good 1 dude ,  thank . . .  added
@AkashaTheKitty i have  read about those. they are  cool. You should definitely get one
@rasga Yep: http/bit.ly/15yyId  We go there for Christmas treats!
@Juniesgyourl WOOHOO ! ! !   My broom isnt up to standards . . . there is no seatbelt on mine . . .  *  whispers *   I like the Swiffer . . . 
@Hoopsiscrazy U think web design wld go down well at the International Brotherhood of Magicians  ?   Maybe. The magic was a success at SXSWi!
happy mother is day!
watching Bolt with my brothers and my mom.
@billzucker Thanks for making me laugh
http/bit.ly/X7D1c  Spanish Grand Prix 2009  in one hoyour!
instant-messaging with two of my favoyourite conversation guys
Had a great ti ame last night!
@HosamKamel Thanks for the follow man
@dai_bach daps were the best lol
@DebbieFletcher haha i will remember that 
@sharlynnx ME TOO! please come online  *  - *  hope you ' ve had an amazing weekend
@JamesHancox LOL or maybe it is the tooth fairy ,  takes  ' em to keep all the kiddys  teeth safe in
Wow! Up ,  coffee in hand and already outside.  So peaceful on Sunday mornings.
THE VIDEO IS FINALLY DONE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Watched Wolverine yesterday  . . .  a spyour of the moment kinda thing. Awesome! So proud that a South African director did that
the sunset view is SO beautiful from my room!
@McMedia Very well thank you! How are you ,  more i amportantly  ?  
@muffinwomanxo EH! u dont like retro  ?   tisk tisk ,  what u been upto  ?    . . . apart from waxing your mustache lol
@acchanosayourus good luck chan! gue kmrn bawa backpack kosong ,  quite helping
Sitting in Gatwick- going home for a week! cant wait to see family
@maynaseric good luck with your auction
@McMedia husband is golfing  the Toddler and I shall frolic. Am I the consummate mama in that i am so happy with my day  ?  
going to watch boy in the striped pj is hope i do not  cry
gave the bikes a thorough wash ,  degrease it and grease it. think i did a really good job!
had SUCH and AMAZING ti ame last night ,  McFly were INCREDIBLE
Succesfully following Tayla!!
@niariley WASSUP BEAUTIFUL ! ! !  FOLLOW ME!!  PEEP OUT MY NEW HIT SINGLES WWW.MYSPACE.COM/IPSOHOT I DEF. WAT U IN THE VIDEO!!