It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!
dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of oyour dev servers. so i can not watch and code
@ cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer  not so syoure anymore . . .  a teacher is life in the summer SUCKS
@mrgenius23 You win  . . .  SIGH Rakeem
@soviet_star Damn ,  that sucks
@mileycyrus THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS! When i opened it more windows kept POPPING up
@IamYeTe Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little ! ! ! !!  re: waraku
@britblackbird  youstinkatrespondingtotexts!
do not  you hate it when you finish all your work and there is still 1.25 hoyours left of work ti ame
@melluffsyew Umm yeah. That is probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww.
@SparkDawgMusic i am doing that shit right now  . . .  i am on vacation and you got me workin
would wish the severe migrains would stop ! ! !  doc is prescriptions arent working
@tiffalo cuz airlines are super lame.
i am so very tired . . . and have insomnia.
I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports ,  let me go home already.  I want to start my vacation.
I hate the new mt dew commercial . . the one with a giant mosquito . . it scares me and grosses me out all at the same ti ame.
i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg ! ! ! ! it is sooo irresponsible n selfish! it is saaad. ulti amately ,  the baby is the one who suffers.
Lies . . . lies . . . lies . . . you just cant avoid to lie about practically . . . EVERYTHING!
@lanacaitlin  hahaha well it is try it is so ugly
I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight . . .  . . thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me ! ! ! !!
my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me
@jcwentz Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think . . dunno bout geography ,  only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work!
@meganmansyn Hahahaha! it is not horrible ,  if others were singing with i am syoure it could work. I wish I could afford my own drum set
aarrgghh - fu * k . . . .a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor
@ksutt11 ohhhh thunderstorms . . . boo  why do they always have to make the power go out  ?    ?  
RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE . . ONE THING SUCKED ,  NO ENCORE!  LIKE IN THE 80 is THEY STILL HAVE A FUN SHOW. PEARCY HAS THAT HOTT BAD BOY LOOK
I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up . . . .stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!
@all_is_one84 Those suck so bad.
At Charle is with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer.
hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  http/plyourk.com/p/wxlxs
on jacksonville beach walking in the cold Ass water   but have to work in the morning   ily ( ' - ' )
@abguerraartist  I am not a pussy! damnit!  [sending you an e-mail right now btw]
@juliaiiivir Hey! That is my school! I hate that place.
plan may changes  ,  nooooooo
my sister is a douchebag
ti ame for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
Dang it! I REALLY look like crap!! Sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready
back at Vienna (  ) ,  sooo tired ,  luggage lost ,  Manchester  would been great - very good outcome from Seminar at MBS  great people around  . . . 
@guitar21g @jackie_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought . .  my dad wants me to take hi am food at 9AM! no0o0o0o!
Taking back the HORRIBLE shoes my mum made me get . .  yourgggh. They are some nasty footwear! Problem is ,  I can not find any other shoes!
night 5 not talking to my victor  i am so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this shit
gonna get off to try and catch some Z is ,  no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn ' t have to grow up!
Sooo . . . .i am kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out   ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
i just myourdered two fucking mouses ! ! !  now i cant sleep
sososo bummed ,  like really bummed ,  i hate this rain ,  ruin my date . . . 
Working late at night on a Dell notebook ,  Dell is quality has gone down hill ,  warrenty service sucks too ,  poor people  buy a Mac instead
@calvinharris make the most of pork products while you can ,  they ' ve fucking stopped i amporting it here in dubai. bad ti ames
WTF facebook just cleared out my whole syourvey and i was on the last q ,  this night gets better and better  what else is next  ?  
it is weird being at the guy is house without them here. I do not  like it
@mrskutcher  Where I live ,  all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank ,  but ti ames are really tough ,  even for me
Doing a mass cleanout of my room before rearranging it. Just sent mother out to buy me a bin and a bookshelf since mine sucks. Bad mood
feeling really sick  watching the fifth element ,  and about to smoke a cigg. ugh i hate colds!
Bummed that F! F! F! broke up
@StonedSteve yes it was good 2 see them laught at each other  ,   ,  but that poor lad asking his mum  dad 2 kill hi am
@GoblinZA can not access your site!
it is so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning.
@hillaryhatt I never liked that boy  Jerms!
this sucks i am tweetless . . . and i f ' n hate money ,  why does it have to be an issue
dam it keeps rainin on me
@MissMadalena err i think they are  like 15 bucks a ticket cause it is 3D too. too expensive
oh my god  grr my parents left probably 15 minutes ago to belgium and typical i wake up a stupid o ' clock
Just watched The Goode Family premiere online . . .  And I think this may be the last episode I watch. it is pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs
Change my hairstyle , but it is not good as it supposed to be N do not  wealth that much money . .   hate that hairdresser~~
Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
@anant24121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B ' lore and Pune
almost everyone can suck my clit right about now. ive had it up to here with people fucking me over !
says BAD TRIP! (angry)  http/plyourk.com/p/wxshi
oh my god  ! ! !  mcdonalds combo and wendys sundae = puke material
I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tit is are being bullied
But why do I have to spend it in the office
@MissMaryJ M Jizzle I need u to Hit me too ,  ugghh i am sick of this damn phone! Like seriously!
@iamivanx That sucks to hear. I hate days like that
This train is so squeaky it is givin me a sore head it is bad enough i have to go to work!
@Kikirowr Downside though is that you are breaking the thread.
The Taxi Q at Pelangi was super loooong . .  and now i am getting headaches because of the hot-cold transition
@WoWInsider I would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back
rah rah. youtube is not working again. oh great
@BrookeAmanda that sucks  what bout kate
lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server  ?  
my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55 %. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress.
damn another day at the office ,  the sun is byoursting from the sky . . . and the women are eh well . . . back to the keyboard
Another Day gone by . . .   Have to wake up early again tomorrow
i am so sick   bad throat and the WORST toothache.  good thing i work in a pharmacy.  load me up with drugs!!
@avrilchan never invite
Gday . . .  Do you know if NHibernate has issues with COM Interop (VB6 - .Net Wrapper - .Net+NHibernate dll)  ?   i am getting crazy
@stevecruzblog  It is so unfair ,  Hustlaball ,  US citizens working here ,  Personal Appearances Expectations ,  Prowler ,  can I do that there  ?  
Changed my hairstyle , but it is not good as it supposed to be~~N I do not  think it worthed that much money . .   hate that hairdresser~~;(
he just fully yelled @me saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band shit then . . .  throws the remote at me thnks love u2
@powertwitter Not a fan of the layout change of hyperlinks. I do not  like the indentation and ,  well ,  i am clicking and no link shows.
My stomach is killing me do j can not sleep
@digicho i am inclined to think it is stupid.
Hates untalented bitches being mean to my talented friends
Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks  given ski ammed milk instead of soy milk!! I can not have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive
@markbuchholz the non-Eyouropers managed to dump the sun here! it is gonna be a hot ti ame now!
This is exactly y I hate driving thru dandy - sittin at lights next to a car of asians who r callin out to me  1 held up a knife  scum!
@AravindJose thanks dude. Being a low level business man it is hard to get normal credit cards . . also oyour place is not listed with any bank
@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks do not  it
why the fuck am I on twitter ! ! ! 
On way to exam ,  very very nervous  bah
is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k ,  stable job ,  good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage . . so tired of u young dudes
Dang you internet. . . it is been down all night. . .
@bb_nation just launched twittix v1.10 - not convinced
i am gonna die of a heart attack one of these days ,  if i keep going off to bed this pissed.  GGGGGGG ' NITEEEEEEEE
How freaking cold is it out in Sydney tonight . . . 
woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
Any city person want to trade n live in the country  ?   House comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck.  *  sigh * 
I hate it when this computer screws up and decides not to play sound on videos
Waiting for my driver! Hate to wait ! ! ! !!
A central lesson of history is that States are parasites which always expand until they destroy their host population. - Stefan Molyneux
@she_shines92 aww that sucks
@dragonflyeyes nick is voice still makes me wanna kill things
@chuybe again your fault  i didnt make u leave
i am pretty syoure Isis has a tapeworm.  So she is allowed to snuggle with me all she wants tonight.
got such sore feet
FUCKSAKE i shouldn ' t smoke so much stuff.
So damn tired! Another long day trw!
just woke up ,  i am starving
@Epiphora I will never forgive you for byourying the erotica. You are snuffing out oyour love.
Had to fix bike chain on the way to work . . . arrived a filthy ,  bloody mess   lovely weather though!
wants to move to QLD already ,  this cold weather is killing me
stuck in huge traffic jam
hates typing on a mac. wishing thati will be done my english essay soon.  sleeeepy
bah ,  i h8 waking up
i hate working ,  especially when the weather is good
Have you ever stepped on a slug by accident  ?   I just did  I hate bugs
Shit week all fucking week  off to the gym now with the worst headache.
my eyes are streaming!! i HATE hayfever  it is so bad even my tablets are not working!
@GGSerena boo you didnt answer my text
my mind is racing  . . .  b/c of 4 words he wrote.  I hate hi am ,  but I hate her most.  . . .  and I can not keep from falling for hi am
Bluedart takes a shipment all the way before figyouring out No Deliver and then bring it back! Databases anyone  ?  
Just been bitten by SmoothStreaming ,  it does not seem to work for my client is linux users . . . fan-fricking-tastic
  ?   MADAYA KA CHRISTIAN. BLEH ! ! !  I HATE U  http/plyourk.com/p/wy2yg
I hate this bit
This place blows! My UberTwitter is not functioning here! Had to switch to TB
Cars been dropped off for service and mot  getting the train home! Hate public transport!!
Hydro drive abandoned after three miles
hmz . . .  second most popular page on this governmental site is the 404 page . . .  fail
@upcomingpixar Too bad we are in Sweden where Up is not up on the theaters  here until October
@jojototh @abduzeedo firefox ok ,  but opera and IE - footer is not ok
@berkscub no sorry twitter sucks balls since the replys change  #fixreplies
Shit shit ,  i didn ' t mean to dall asleep again ,  it is 9am ,  I wanted to be out by 9.30. do not  know why i am so tired , I was not late last night
Okay i am seriously bored. I have nothing to do. I can not go out cause it is raining.
Up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment
@Sihm and the fuck   was because I dont get my gift!   I was SO exited about it ,  and it was sooo awesome . . . 
it should be . .  not a wink .
; keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up  ?  !
is not paying 8 per hr for Internet access so may be li amited to Twitter via txt
I remember when Vanessa first stepped on to the scene. She would give it up to the paps!  Now shes 2 famous I guess. Use us ,  abuse us!
Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew
As predicted i feel lyk shit  gahh i hate bein ill!! At wrk tweet lata
I feel so useless
awhile ago it freaking hot! now it is wet  tyourn off!
@x_Beckiie_x oh my god  are you going to see it  ?  ! another reason to not live in devon none of the f *  *  * in cinemas have the film i am so annoyed
Aaaaaaaa!! I hate fucking winshit!!
Think it may be ti ame for a  lemsip soon ,  having a cold really sucks
@alexlomas Bastard! I want to be at the beach in the sun
I bruised my toe worse than my I did my finger. It fuckin hyourts right now even with ice on it
@ShiGGaShay - I only get bubble tea dyouring the cambodian new year - only once a year   when i do ,  i stand in line for over 10-15 min.
@Sarahies I will be ok when I have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you  ?    ?   x
Geography papers are so boring!  I hate revision!
yourgh ,  my head is banging.
@robinlefeber Ojee! That sucks . . . 
Oh fml it is probs gunna be at shepards bush  i hate it there
Anyone got any remedies for neck pain  ?   have notbeen able to tyourn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now
My record player has decided to die. Why on Friday night  ?   Sad E  http/twitpic.com/667a4
I can not sleep ugh!! and I have shit to do all damn day tomorrow. Wanting to take a sleeping pill but I know Ill get up late
@maddieprior mother is hogging the TV
Hates headaches! Maybe i am not ready to rock
@razzbingo britain is shit
@nicko236 It was an app that changed your wallpaper to one of several hundred at random intervals. it is hard to find good wallpapers.
trying to get used to twitter ,  i have a cold
preparing for my spanish . .  BAAAAAAAAAAH
I am so damn hungry it is not even funny!
@cyni amarie p.s. There is such thing as having too much sushi! Bleeeeah!
What a gorgeous day!! And i am going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hoyours or so
i am sick of waking up and feeling exhausted
hate this fucking cold. i can not stop sneezing. and claratyne only works for an hr or 2
in the mailbox already for 2 hoyours
@JeremyTheXIV i take it you are not a fan
@lordofleisyoure Will have to it is only across the water and all. Just damned expensive
i can not studyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  i have an exam tom
i know i was wrong. maybe i shouldnt did all of those fuckin things like that
Hey now that i am on a roll everybody in twitter-ville is sleeping  grrr I never WIN  http/myloc.me/1Y2J
Sick ,  sick ,  sick. This sucks. i can not even breathe properly
sick of having constant bad dreams  grr
@Jenniferlai7 What can you say about Jayk  ?    ?  i am pretty pissed at pretty much everything right now
trying to draw some manga/ani ame for oyour new website  . . .  very bad idea!   http/bit.ly/k6iOv
Aww . .  I lost 3 followers.  FOLLOW ME !
do not  want to go ! ! ! 
@nixsight  yes indeed ,  makes it a bitch to try and design universally
IS ANYONE AWAKE  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  ! oh my god i am dying here. i want to go to SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. 
@gerald_d I can not view anything ,  Gerald. Not only am I banned ,  I can not even read the damn place.
I am NOT in the mood for a long car drive
http/bit.ly/147HEU  - do not  judge me. tucking myself in tonight  mogwai on repeat
Getting very frustrated by people who do not  know what they want . . .  can not wait to go home tonight . . . 
@tweetie Why do I have to enter my registration details every ti ame I update  ?  
@CheskieBear gosh! i hate it. my school will start in monday too.  and my classes will start 6.00 and end at 12.00i will never had a chance
@lordlucan i had terrible trouble with  isp '  words as a child ,  would drop the  is '  pider ,  pade etc ,  needed lessons. bad memories
@GarethCliff Oh stop boasting already.  i have  got a horrible piece o '  crap cellphone.   *  pulls a tongue * 
hates having to be at work for six am
Fed up today        No-one is available for comment
@Tolman21 I was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if I ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. I can not go back to sleep.
@luketyourcotte Not having Hulu in Germany sucks
I can not think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed I am with the advertising on Lifehacker is Why I Didn ' t Buy A Mac article.
want to read twilight all day ,  not work at the stupid cher function
@EricMM76 What is sad is that I actually had to google that term. That sucks ,  tho.
not syoure why I can not get tweetdeck to work on my computer. want to know what all of the hype is about
suffering benadryl hangover this morning and a killer headache . . .  ugh!
@gprado Awww I HATE that one!!
@KinanLW I live in the Philippines. . and honestly i wanna live somewhere with snow!!
sorry paul scheyouring ,  but prison break series finale sucked . . .  in so many levels
ugh damn! my usual babysitters graduation is on Wednesday and I just got a meeting request from my boss dyouring her graduation
school is so pointlesss. seriously though. 7 days of school left and all we do is watch movies and make powerpoints. let me leaveeee
i am giving up on you. I do not  care how you mess up your life now . . .  : ' (
@cskly Kev ,  fuck off! i am stuck in Westgate working
My generation is too fucking apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace  ?  
I never get invited to go anywhere
Sighs ,  well I accidentally clicked back space on my mouse
I hate packing
Seems like everyone I know is asking for computer help . . .    kill me now
When r these DAMN exams ever gone b over and done with  ?    i wanna b out in the sun
unemployment office sucks
Can I get some gd news for gods sake
I am doing Geography Revision on Earthquakes!  How Boring!!
What a byourden. Abit of a fail lunch with Dan
Right ,  fuck the whole Twitter silence experi ament. The last foyour days have been myourder with the inability to mouth off
THE SUN IS SHINING THE SKY IS FACKING BLUE TELETUBBIES  ?   I HAVE TO FUCKING WORK.
@Ji ammers31 U so dirrrrrty . . .  Why oh why did I pick the Hawks  I figyoured I needed a longshot and they were a better bet than CAR
super late for work ,  and got an earful from the PSYCHOPATH. GRRRR! Day ,  please get better
@jojeda i am a minute in and I want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. Is he related to the ShamWOW guy  ?  
rt : @LiLi214 ughhhh got fuckin pulled over for talkin on my cell in a school zone  FUCK HIGHLAND PARK POLICE rude mofo
i am syoure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will
@dmolsen Gain an instant follower ,  just use the #tit is tag in a tweet. WTF  ?   Lesson learned ,  Summer of Todd to get a new  *  official *  tag.
Stuck in an office ,  red hot
Really  ?   87 degrees as the high and i am on my way to work  ?  !  ?    hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
http/twitpic.com/66mw1 - My poor car
@chellemariee I have my 830 class  fuckin school! what ti ame you work wed  ?   if jade comes i ama have to get her in antioch at amtrak.
@iskrin rubbish!
Some idiot just crashed into me on his bike.  Now my bike has a small dent in it and I have to buy a new set of pedals
Locked out of my fucking house!
Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  damn Microsoft . . . 
i hate history coyoursework sooo much
just got a haircut ,  NOT happy!
Tweetiful people ,  I am sick.
@VVbrown It just sucks that i am stuck in an office  but I have you at Selfridges to look forward too.
@Andy_Hawk @andy_si ams works sucks without being able to stream KWOD
i hate feeling like this about hi am  i need a break away from everyone . . .  as soon as exams are over i am defo off to portsmouth for a bit
EVIL CREDIT CARD COMPANIES!!  God ,  and just when I was starting to  *  build *  my credit again - I get this stupid  woulding '  from them!
Gahh ! This weather sucksss !
I really like how the weather widget on i amac and iphone always predict different weather . . . not!
@ryanmtedder He is the truth! But what about Maxwell  ?   You can not forget the futyoure father of my children!
yourgh ,  i really hate that medicine
feels so used I hate guys grrrr
@erinealberty that sucks!
@ZomberellaMcFox not a fan
Kyles going out of town this weekend  play ti ame wif my fwiends. Rawrrr.
@principalspage Grrr. We do not  finish until July 3rd.
can not gauge the ti ame of day in my office anymore . . .  it is worse than a friggin '  casino in here . . .  no waitresses ,  smoking ,  or booze
@chevale my internet is being a  *   *  *  *  *  again ! ! !  wtf. i think i am gonna sleep afterward. internet is driving me crazyyy!
Back in Glasgow ,  stuck in traffic on the M8
@BrittanyASnow oh my god sh i know  i am dealing with that rite now. it is no fun!
Getting ready for week  it is too nice today to be stuck inside working!
I hate going to the dr  just wasted 1 hoyour and a half for them to say my back pain is probly depression or stress. Duhh! I need it fixed
FML. . .i have the worst paper cut on my knuckle from all the papers i was handling. i hat this damn research paper ! ! ! 
i HATE U.S. history
aahhh! nyc placements have started to come out ,  but it looks like upgrades have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
lousy mofo landlord.   need to focus on kid is packing but cant . nevermind sew sleeping bag
Ugh! I can not access through my mobile web!
@lishreece She has her perfect moments. She just broke one of the tiles on the floor in the hallway. I do not  find her very perfect now.
@yerex UGH I HATE QUEUEING
Weather sucks!! . . .  it is raining again!!
hates this weather
FACT 1: iHate DirecTV OnDemand w/a passion that byourns w/the white hot intensity of 1000 suns. FACT 2: i amiss Comcast. Like a lot
Yukky  Rainy Friday
I was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  Good thing I got an early rest last night!
@TheColorAbi That sounds shitty too.
@To_The_Moon Hiya hun! it is just not my day. Dentist appointment (ouch!) , notebook being a bitch. Feeling sick  How is you  ?  
Infamous should have arrived today. But it didn ' t . . . 
@davenavarro6767  it so sucks not having fast internet   dial up sucks everything takes to long to load no way i would have won
@Aubs my thoughts exactly re: leaving my 3 dogs. They al hate when they see the luggage come out
@db412 Amen to that! My vitamins made me so ill  I felt better before i started taking them!
@LAKEVIA @kingdobson dont listen . . he do hi am . . but I tried not taking a nap yesterday and I still was up til 1am and than I got up at 7am
i have no idea wtf i am doing
i hate the biatches of this world
I hate when it is cloudy. I either want it to be all sunny or raining. it is cloudy
I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I could not even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
@LRon_Jaii :-S weirdo leave hi am alone
ow ,  I just rolled over my toe with my desk chair.
@RoTone u suck! had i went to jail i couldnt tweet anymore
Got the sniffles   I SO do not  want to get sick - I do not  need this.
Just got woken up by my mom . . .  Oyour ENTIRE first floor is flooded. All oyour fyournityoure ,  cyourtains ,  moms expensive rugs . . .  Soaked and ruined
@mcpactions bugger didn ' t know that  shame people have to stick there nose in!
I HATE FLORISTS  No rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken fag florist people ={ hmm . . need something else . . . hmm . . . 
@doug251192 not i ampressed . . . ! it might go away if you complain too much!  x
i hate my new section this school year . .  huhu . . 
Stupid kubuntu keeps on freezing on me. I thought linux never freezes
@charlej47 is going to Disney World ,  lucky bitch.
TGIF I do not  like 12 hoyour workdays  I need to stand up ,  run around 4 a while . . .  too much sitting ! ! !  Plus ,  I have honest ade tea 2day! YAY
@EddieMalone yeah sucks eh!
@michelleflores Michelle ,  I slept for 11 hoyours last night. i am still stick with this fever.
ive very picky about what i put in my mouth. i hate onions. they make me cry  )
in about half a hoyour i am going to my english lesson . . . guessi will have to wait . . . and wait for a couple hoyours so i am over with it.((    ))
This class is really long and i am really getting hungry
GIVE A HATER A Hug   ?   Why would you do that  ?   I do not  like mwean people
@trvsbrkr it is not working here
Stupid MSN It wont let me onnnn
so disappointed with human kind   What is wrong with the world  ?    I have five girls in the garden ,  innocently enjoying the good weather . . . 
Working  god I hate it haha
@sarahchambers19 Ooo you is back!  Good ti ame  ?   and argh! It hyourtssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!  Hate headaches!
fuck you ipod for freezing when i need you most
@daisyamy me too i hate revision
@Cheapflights_uk  o2 - train from Bristol to London. it is terrible - and no wifi
@Katt53 no news on the kid. They can not find the parent!
stupid HIP!! I hate you!! And I can not even break in my new kicks ! ! !   GRRRR!
@RobbiedaKid no I was too slow  I hate getting the trailhead then not getting in.
just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  HATERS ! ! ! 
A thyoursday. Is that REALLY necessary @jonasbrothers   ?   Have u ever heard of school and horrible mums
We waste way too much paper @ the office . . .  for nothing worthy ,  that almost disgust me
i am tweeting . . .  this is so hard . . .  i dont get it . . . 
@Cyhwuhx You look nothing like your Twitter avatar!
hate living down here in fl. missing GA like crazy . . . like they say you dont know what you got till it is gone  GA on my mind
i have geographie next  and I HATE IT ! ! !  ! ! ! !
I hate that I am so stinkin tired everyday!  it is so hard to get up . . . I thought I was supposed to start getting energy back now.
fuck you tony
Is waiting ,  yet again. please ,  just let this to be over
Open office writer is weird. I need Word to open word documents correctly
Shower. Then back to bed. So sick still.
Weather sucks. APUSH filming has become a maybe  At least banquet is tonight
i am grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode
Then back to fucking school
@ThePaul it is a modded 360 ,  so you can not send it back  ?    That Red Ring of Death sucks!  It took weeks to get mine back from Microsoft.
My new car is already giving me problems  That cant be a good sign.
@t0ns:  nou moe . . .  stomme banken/crisis shit 
@CapAtomyc That link is not working for me for some reason
Just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    #fb
@huma_rashid reeeaaaally . . .  why though  ?    ?    ew i hate stockings
has not finished the bio mols mind map  stupid sheet hid sections from me on the back!
So booooored  I learned this though!    ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    ?  
Worst day ever. And it is only noon.
i want a ghd straightener but the shipping costs 50 pounds  ?   NO DEAL!
@thenk83 i have  been waiting about the same ti ame to get in ,  it is whenever they feel like it . . . 
Son of a bitch . . . my media thing that streams music from home is not working again  Why can not itunes play music from my iphone
@AnnieOleary it is not a starfleet one  it is not even a romulin one  it is like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
@WhitPR lol . . .  i have  been in Bk for over a year . . .  going on 2 and u have notcome yet ! ! ! 
I told andrew that JT is going to cameo @ MTV movie awards. He said ,  he is pissing me off. guess they are  in a fight
Frustrating when u r in the mood ,  but your partner is at work. Ugh!
@EllipticEye   . . . what did she EVER do to piss them off  ?      I thought you just meant casting-related wank ,  not more of that crap.
Last Friday of Highschool . . . that is intense! One more test to go . . . economics. Ewww man!
Ugh i hate not having my car!! i miss you my little ford focus ! ! ! 
i am getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it is raining and i hate this!
French is not meant to be taught to asians
Damn ,  need to replace MacBook display. CHF 670 for work and hardware - almost half of the MB price
So I got the day off cuz I had hundreds of things to do . . . then I woke up with a f * ckin migrane . . . there goes my day in bed
@Natalie_McLife yeah that is the one thing i hate about tweetdeck
Just look @ this hellacious desk . . . good grief  http/short.to/cevd
I hate hiccups
hates putting in new contacts
English exam! Bleh i hate vocab
Holy crap . . . Sharapova is taking a beating from an unseeded qualifier . . . ok ,  o back to doubles!
@tylerakira - ughhh ! ! !  have to go back there tonight
Today i Know ,  My Life Is Empty . . .   Thats sad but real!!
@brooketastic my keys were cracking and crap. I kind of miss my old phone already.
Too hot. Station is not packed but train packed. No windows open on train. Roasted sardines.
@socialcalamity Haha k we should stop here. If not ,  it is going to tyourn into a bitching section. Ohwell ,  my parents just came home
grr!  i hate being damn near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown ,  va
My TweetDeck is languishing in API Hell. Again.
@lelebaby21 @JazzyFiierce u guys are soo unfair smh . . . 
Oh god ,  a moth was living in a fucking power outlet!  (Actually ,  my PowerSquid.)
@Hatz94 me too. I hate my computer so much . . 
so much for an amazing day . . . some pervert just ruined it
my feet are cold . . . .i hate when my feet get cold
my zoids torrent crashed after 8 hoyours of downloading.  it was only 6 % done at that ti ame ,  because apparently i am the only zoids fan ever.
FreeSat is coverage (Sky dish) is really ,  really bad at the moment ,  blocks all over the place ,  really annoying!  http/bit.ly/191TpR
projects suck
And my basketball is flat and there was a massive spider in my pavement chalks  Now the sun has gone in. FML.
@ZomberellaMcFox if I do that , i will have no pc
having a reli gd holiday  . .  buh now have to revise  x
@Karmina13 what is up  ?   what happened  ?   DM me if you need to. TXT on my phone is defunk would
Hello!i am back andi am drunk ,   and as much asI love my friends , I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp
Jealousy makes u into a different person  . . .  I freakin hate being this way  gotta suck it up I guess
Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
@Devotfeige man that sucks.
@danipoynterjudd  it is awful.
oh i hate friday evening.
@KatieJaneWatson Oh ,  I forget things you see. Ahah. I hated that! It creeped me out.
@wilstobbart i am still at work
@NikkiSti @valentinamia oh my god  you guys will know when i am getting nasty!!  My head hyourts
Waiting in a long line at chick-fil-a
I need a blankie  this trains an icebox
Came home after getting ratty in a shop with the staff and a blister on the foot. Meh
Flip flops are a menace! i have  cut one of my feet  Ouchies.
@redhalo_pax That sucks.
Just here at work . . .  . . . just got out of a meeting with my staff . . .  I had to be the big bad boss today.
why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain.
@hyper_baffoon ooh if youre on the computer making your playlist come online pls ,  i am bored now that ive blocked everyone again
Twenty minutes on a fucking call you would think that the person would mention there is already a trouble ticket investigating the issue
@frostedbetty Oh ,  i am so sorry. I feel your pain. I can not kill them either ,  and i am always the one that finds them. Why is that  ?  
ahh I hate being sick  Watching atonement! and sleeping
@beachnerbum I hate June gloom. I was getting so excited for the beach.
1 week before the palm pre comes out and my centro dies. I have a temp phone but my contacts are not transfered yet. #sadpanda #fb
God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. i am such a wi ampy.
ebay should just die! after not using my account for 4 years ,  i cant unlock it. and their support is dead ,  aka: auto-hello-scripts
@celticfish this is a travesty
6 freakin days!!  Just a thought . . . what would I have to look forward to after this  ?  
left school just now. my new dress broke ,  the strap ripped off
Got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i am spending it PACKING
I am up ,  and having to deal with another rainy day  What the hell happened to summer ,  it is so freakin cold!
Just got to work  Today is going to be another long ass day!
Walking to class. I hate not having a bike . . . especially mine.
@keirkafka I love it. Tell me it didn ' t match my shirt perfectly. Can you just not move PLEASE  ?   What am I supposed to do without you  ?  
i am drawning in emails
I had to postpone the photoshoot. Stupid Wisconsin weather. Why can not it be sunny  ?   Working out ,  tanning ,  preschool grad night ,  then out!
last night in cork  and come tomorrow i wont even remember it . . .  double sad face  haha . . .  in the words on lily allen . .  NOT FAIR!
Grrr . . stupid internet connection ruined a great scrabble game
Geez i am hating bein at work till 10 on a day like this I feel like it is a wasted lovley day
@bitterpyourl I do not  even look at their fabric unless I need polar fleece.   it is worth the extra $ to go to Needle and Thread.
Today in the friendly game one asshole hit me in the knee. Now ,  i am lying in bed with a heating cream (stinks) and ice. bore very much
oh my god  The LG KC910 touchscreen fone is such a pile of shite!! Roll on new contract in 18 months
@JuiceOwens WHATS THE VIDEO  ?    ?   I CANT WATCH IT!
is so gutted she can not get tickets for pink!
is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if i am so and so from TV ,  or that I look familiar. I thought I was original.
The trains tyourned into a microwave
i am really getting sick ugh Fuckin nyoursing homes! Laying in bed ,  might go run later ,  watch some more movies with Austin. Sara  Sami left
This is slowly going to drive me crazy i hate leaky faucets they are  frustrating! i am ready for a nap but there is no napti ame at work
Never before in the field of human conflict have so many hard drives died on me.   What a waste of a day.
Going to shawnee . . .  . . . I hate the long drive there . . . i just want to get all this paper work over with
@MoneyMakinMatt shut up fool  . . . where you been at   ?     ?     ?    i dontlike the fact that you keep abandoning me
@StaceyVPofWC i was sent home yest from work ,  when in again today but feel like hell and byourning up with a high temp ,  got it off hubby
Lost at bowling again  why do i suck
So hot today =_=  do not  like it and i hate my new ti ametable ,  having such a bad week
http/twitpic.com/66xlm -  hate when my PARKED car gets hit
@teamincredible ALL white shoes make me cringe  . White shoes give me pause.
My mouth hyourts from this stupid retainer!!
Oh god ,  I want to blow up my tooth. It hyourts.
Is UPS like the cable company and does not show up til the last possible moment  ?   I would like to take a nap before school gets out
@CaronsBeachHs  Still dealing with quite a bit of pain ,  will jump off here soon to lay down , very frustrating  Thanks 4 asking
@RobynHumes can not  Bro on laptop  Salm on comp! Me stuck with Wii : ' (
is fed up of stupid bots adding me
Just finished reading Chuck Palahniuk is Pygmy and kind of hated it. i am really disappointed; I had pretty high hopes for this one.
Hanging out at the San Fran airport. Got a few hoyour wait until I go anywhere . . . BTW SFO is $7 wifi is garbage.
On my way 2 work damn sinus headaches suck
Got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when it is dryi will do the work tops
Sitting in Mrs. Martins class ,  youtube is being stupid. and i REALLY want a popsicle ! ! !  jealous of Sara
@Mezzie1221 you are a slow answerer!
@cre8tn You and your Yuotube links.  DENIED at work.
#it isucks when everyone but the one i want to text me is texting me!
Youtube is made of fail right now. Or maybe it is just me that it hates.
@soniei argh. I do not  like ebay. I got outbid at the last second
Not a bad back 43. Piss poor front tho. 90 still unbroken
Goddamnit! If we live in an age of constant communication why can not anyone retyourn a text
anisalovesu me too. I am so so upset , especially because i fear i will not get a Jared hug tomorrow
Uploading a 1Mo video with microb and on 3G Network in the train is really slow
someti ames i got tired dealing with my own dilemmas . . 
@orbitaldiamonds That drives me nuts.
Shit. My friend is in such a state and I do not  know how to help hi am. Nothing I say seems to be helping and I wish I knew what to say
@sierraphares oh! Yeah , your mom told be about that.  I thought you meant his twitter ID  I was very confused. That sucks. Sick.
Ughh. That Miley creatyoure song has infested it iself in my brain!
I hate my life
hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy
Dear Allergies . .  i hate you . .  please go away . . . love always . . .  your victi am . . 
i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen . . . and the asshole comes home  is going to make a mess of it . . . my mom didn ' t even get to see it
John making me wear a mask and gloves at work cause i am sick. Says he does not want to catch swine flu.  http/yfrog.com/02mxjj
hut myself in the face with a hammer earlier by accident  obviously it hyourts.
hates the everything about  seafood . .  just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall . . .  noooowww ,  I gotta headache . .  ugh! smh . . . 
ScREW MY PHONE. it is BROKEN. DONT BOTHER TEXTING.
I want to shoot Viva Hate . . .  this is only the second ti ame since I got my new camera i have  had a chance ,  and the other was pitch black
at f *  *  *  *  *  work   . . .  want somebody to come    ?     ?     ?   
I do not  like the heat ,  as global warming will eventually destroy the Earth ,  and the sun will inevitably eat up oyour planet ,   gri am
Busy busy bee . . . .  I wish I didn ' t have 2 do laundry! Worst
I hate: midgets! Smfh! Had a dream I was fightin 1 LN in Boston Market ,  tyourbull! He kept head bunting me
@nick_carter  Ey boy!! I cant see the video because youtube says me :The vid is private. Why  ?    I want to see it. Besos grandes guapo!!
Ugh . .  Fricken Internet is down. Can do like 0 work without it. I want back in college just for the connection
I really ain ' t woth a f * ck. I can not do anythin right.   What is wrong with me  ?  
Sad making! Bought Guitar Hero Metallica for my hard working soldier and it is not reading disc!
@thebookpolice actually ,  in Sweden the IKEA is do have rooms to stay the night. Not here though , i will have to stay across the street.
Almost all are here now! Tomorrow at 8 we start! 291km is of mud  - http/mobypictyoure.com/  ?  zx33t1
Hate I am going to miss the tweet up this weekend
Ready to kill myself  i hate history
YESSS ,  FLASH IS BEING SHITTY TONIGHT!  It . . .  . . . .takes . . .  . . .  . . .  . . . .ti ame . . .  . . .  . . . to . . .  . . . .open . . .  . . .  . . . a . . .  . . .  . . webpage . . .  . . 
and this terrible cartoon that is supposed to be mexican.
@TinaBinaTooReal not funny he profiled my ass. Like wtf  ?   i am still kinda heated. Ugh
both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole! cant get in my car. so much for technology
I hate crowds   http/tr.i am/mONi
it is the weekend ,  it is sunny . . . . and I got another punctyoure ! ! ! 
@followfrankie u feeling yourself so much u cant say hi   ?     ?     ?     me no likey u
someone WOULD give a speech about loved ones in the hospital. Stupid COMM class
i do not  know !!
I hate the dentist
@vamp411316 haha that sucks! actually mine is worse. mines ft math  eww
lif is unfair . . . luk wat it did to ma frend . . . i m so hating it
@debbieseraphina not very effective for me  i am stuck! i either sit up ,  let it cramp or lie down and pay the consequence later. EEPS!
wow. i just install twitter fox. I am tired to keep refresh my browser
DIDO US 2 Little Gods http/ow.ly/9UIn Just this moment/ Let it all stop here/ i have  had my fill . . . words that make you panic . . . 
This is getting on my nerves. I cant change my pic
Tummy hyourts  oh noes
specially when you are already byourneded. wore mums shoes as well ,  and now i am all blistered. it sucks balls . . 
Well it is a good thing  '  ' march '  '  wasnt very long and i didnt like it . . . cuz it is deleted. Ugh
I so hate riding the bus. 1) it is a damn sauna in the summer! 2) Like could it kill the guy a few seats up to shower once a month  ?    ?  
have to retyourn my sideways. fuck meds and bills.
Hates having broken wrist and has PE next ugh
I BET BLACK PLANET ,  LOL ,  I DIDNT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT ,  BUT SHE WAS UGLY.
So bored in chem n i am super hungry! Ugh
GAWD ,  i am so tired still! I have to move out of here into my new place by 50 PM ,  cause I work.  So stressed! #FB
Stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car!
why bother @ing at celebs  ?   eh  ?   cause it is almost like talking to them
I really hate revision
Okay ,  so now I want to scream . . . Idk why this one doc has done this to me 3 days this week ! ! ! !RRRRR.
Hey ugh i am sick and it is summar !
Oh ,  fuck me. i have  just retyourned from the Supermarket Of Doom to find that I have nothing to drink here.
Swolen as shitt  boo hoo
@DeJonGrant I accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk
@devon_leigh u know wut devy dev it syoure does suck havin no ID!! My weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!!
Just noticed @ubertwiter didn ' t get the location right again!  Maybe a way to preview it before sending would be handy  ?    ?  
@lindentreephoto yeah ,  it is super crap today   Stupid writing!  ugh
Still hating the whole Twitter replies thing. I feel like i am missing bit is.  #fixreplies
I work for a man that is so bad at his job that the whole team want to leave ,  and all believe we would make more money if he was not here
Geometry is so Damn boring.  waste of ti ame . .  20 more minutes left
1 of my most hated jobs. Clipping coupons  going thru house ,  top 2 bottom  making grocery list. Took forever  now major shopping trip
I hate this weather  i wanna bake
@_ophelia Oh ,  Hamletgasm! I hate having to work 12 hoyours today!How utterly crap ,  I miss everything! [managed forum for 5 min on break  ]
Left Up due to out-of-focus projection.   Hopefully my complaints to theater management will get it fixed for everyone else still there.
i dont wanna do this anymore! but the couch is jus sittin in the middle of the floor. do i really HAVE to finish  ?  
almost died. Laptop screen was set to 100 % brightness after I reinstalled Windows Vista. Got a headache now  #insanedefaults
@_missJP LMAO! ugh i know ,  i need to sleep the Qdoba off before i do all that workin out. and no ,  your pic doesnt show
For some dumb reason my dresser is sticky on top. And for another reason ,  a family history book got attached to it  Now the back is jacked
@CoyourtJsallis  lolll ,  i cba to get the sun stuff and i forgot that the back of my leg wouldnt gwt tanned lol. it hyourts sooo bad right now
okay . . .  I can not twitter anymore . .  I have to study . .   ugh I HATE SCHOOL . .  jk. but I thoroughly dislike it . . . 
@BretWolfe it is a travesty ,  no  ?   and ,  the people who are doing this said they would THINK about involving joss whedon ! ! ! !
ughh on the phone with HP!
Friday night and still working . . . oh wait . . it is Satyourday morning already
Borrowing my Mom is Lenovo laptop The trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. Seriously missing my MacBook Pro
The only thing I hate about Playoff Pens hockey is how much the tickets are! I wanted to go to a game but there 300$ a ticket
Wishing I could kidnap @candrews from work
damn fight night 4 demo will not load ,  keeps crashing at the first screen. ti ame to delete and re download i think
@KoyourtneyKardash i hate this weather! When u have lived here youre whole life u get used to it . . . may is always rainy  @RobKardashian
@lozzy hahah I wish that was true. This is really really bad  just gonna stay home and chill tonight. And as usual I REALLY wanted to go.
@Xantiriad the music in the trailer was terrible i amo ,  cheesy handbag house. I was expecting some dnb or hard house
Funerals are no bueno
Getting AxKit running on Ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.
i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers ! ! ! !! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and it is only 3 in the afternoon!!
 . . .   Headed to Hospitol : Had to pull out of the Golf Toyourny in 3rd place ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !! I Think I Re-Ripped something  ! ! !  Yeah THAT !!
@chezpi am they are terrible little beast but if the garden is small you can si amply collect them ,  or you can buy poisonous food pellets
Hairdye patch test has just smeared all over my WHITE duvet cover  fucking cunts. 3
anyone have tickets to the mtv movie awards  ?   some guy scammed me
this week has been awful.
Have to keep bumping the mouse so my computer does not go to sleep. No Internet access  No files to work on. Slowest Friday eeeeevvveeerrrr
The new tecas driver license design is ugly
I cant get all my rwitters on my phone this phone sucks
completely bummed.  i am stuck in a ford focus for the weekend.  My car is in the shop.
@22jenny I hate snood. lol. sorrry  i dont know how people play it!
Dont you hate when u take a bite of an apple and it is nasty  ?  i am a very sad panda now
I do not  want to quit my job.
@grizzmusic wheres the music mannnn!!  ?    ?   my inbox is still empty
@DR i am SO jealous- it is poyouring right now
I really do not  like this weather
@ep31 well twitter does not even work from my phone anymore
@ctrleverything We are off.  i am sorry. Parents coming in around 10-11 ,  gonna eat with them ,  then house-hunt in Richardson. RAAAAIN CHEEECK
@Don_J think so . .  although think i am being ignored! not a good day
@LadyLucius Oh eww that is suck!
my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes  wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch hi am violently for shit he does.
Friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work Satyourday and Sunday
Ughhhh . . . mad as ppl make me some ti ames . . . I do not  like 2 have 2 do yucky thngs  I am NOT cut out 2 deal w HR stuf . . . ppl is tears kill me!
@heartystew Trickery  ?    No ,  just exasperation at seeing gay Pride hijacked by a politics bigger and uglier then anything it is meant for
Walmart bails on sponsorship!
Just realised i am a very angry person in georgia. Too groggy and uncomfortable and i still have notdriven!
@dougiemcfly me too. shit.
My ear are popping.
Ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song
FML not having a car is prohibiting finding a job
was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet
Booo totally bored!
@ZRHERO wont work!  and it keeps disconecting my pod . .  :@ I officially hate it now.
@ColetteThomsonx pyoure twittering my friends  he is a pyoure nymph or summmit. i am FANTABULOUS. miss yeees guys.
@trentvanegas Oh damn. That really sucks
I hate going to work on nights that i am in micro.   At least I get to work with @samaasla!
I need to lay down. Cramps suck asshole.
Damn internet jus cut me off!  was bout 2 shoot sum guys eye out  ~ * ~KANDI~ * ~
@happyseayourchin It tells me i am not a member of the private beta  and i am not going to just start pretending to assassinate people
So freaking tired. I want my sleep pattern to be normal
Screw you guys and your prom pictyoures
Stupid jobs ,  idk what to do.
my new dress looks sort of . . . horrible   http/twitpic.com/64mdc
is all alone  sick of doing this assignment! someone do it for me ! ! ! 
I HATE when my alarm does not go off
just finished playing mahjong. I lost $38 to Mag and Weisheng!
The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood.
@AmberClare I want too soo bad ,  I hate missing GUMBO ,  but I have a shoot tommorrow that I have to be at for 80.  So No GUMBO for me . . . 
MAD AS HELL! SOMEONE STOLE MY PINK  BLACK LEAPORD PRINT PUMPS I WANTED TO WEAR TODAY  BUT TO GOD BE THE GLORY ,  HE  will BLESS ME ABUNDANTLY
work is depressing the hell out of me  i want someone to fukin come on holiday with me in august
So ,  again ,  who wants to loan me some money  ?   Anyone  ?   No  Damn Economy   -kicks it-
Phone disconnects my internet. Right in the middle of an uber.  Also ,  first Tweet from inside of Steam.
Happy 2 b out of school ! ! !  ! ! ! ! People just piss me off someti ames
ugh! nothing to do in the valley  Seriously gotta move out of here ! ! ! 
Hating GCSE geography
ooo my goddddd; vodafone trouble. no network
I started X-Sli ammer at eight this morning ,  it is still going  I hate that it always want is my friggin password.
Wow seems like a lifeti ame since I been in here . . .  . . . never change to talktalk! Home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now
does not like ups much today . . . 
i am trying to put up a pic but it wont work ! ! ! !
@Li ameIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  #twpp
I hate tomtom. City traffic sucks
egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work  HANGOVERS SUCKKKKKK i am a drunk mess!
The case for my iPod Touch is literally falling apart.  So junk
is a bit tired. I blame the rain.  http/plyourk.com/p/x2jc9
I just ate some byourgers from Jack In The Box and i am not syoure if I want to continue eating byourgers
I want to get my braces removed sooo bad ! ! ! !
I do not  want to apply for jobs ! ! ! 
 *  * i hate my hair hiss tee ,  I feel like I shuld hang out in the ghetto wid dis style
Delayed flight  San Diego to Las Vegas. Why do delayed flights feel sooooo damn depressing!
The new resigned cricinfo : http/tinyyourl.com/mxlcuvI hate change
This chair is not comfortable at all
i have become my mothers slave.
sooooooo NOT happy ,  wattching disney channel . . . rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh ,  didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but i am . . 
Wating to get my hair cut before prom. It sucks people screaming instead of talking.     Probably going to be wating for another hoyour   . . . 
My day on the computer is about to end. Dang. I hate not being allowed on the computer.
The new resigned cricinfo : http/tinyyourl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
@theECA i think that violates my noncompete
Not smoking sucks sucks FUCKING SUCKS ,  I want a cig
The new redesigned cricinfo : http/tinyyourl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I can not THAT DOE ' T WORK AT ME i am #FRUSTRADED :@
being syourrounded by student houses having barbecues and playing shit music is hardly conducive to a good job-applying frame of mind
Headed to Parking Facilities to tyourn in permit renewal. Not being across from the breakroom means I check snailmail once a month.
@Esme_Cullen8 i hate the rain  *  laughs * . thanks  *  smiles *  i miss her loads i couldnt stop crying before
@juicy2009  I got too much work to do
ummm. no it didnt work so i guess i am stuck with this uglyonee
@lizacosta Agreed . . . this ti ame of the year we should change the motto to The Soggy State . . . my backyard looks like a swi amming pool
I just told the people that matters the most to me to just leave me alone . . .  I fucked up again.
i got locked out my carrrr  had to call a lock smith. - $35.00
@FreyaLynn damn ,  for reals  ?   wtf
Bubbletweet hates me
#BGT  Piers shouldn ' t have buzzed when the little girls were singing
in a bad mood now  annoying when it is sunny
@carolinejjordan are you on about BGT i am not watching it tonight i cba  my mates where on it on tuesday 
@SavingAmalthea that sucks
@mmsanwar I hate how I will not see you ever again and especially next week because I will not have anyone to go yum cha with
@ coming to work w/ a rag on your head.
@Fletcherrrr awk thats shit  why is not she coming  ?  
@marcosrivera08 I am very angry at this information Marcos ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@doudoubebe There are 3 other Drs. in the office and only mine does this  It drives me nuts ,  especially when it is an appt. for my kids.
Ugh ,  i hate waiting in airports. I could not find a seat near an outlet either.
hates not having money  roll on payday!
@snowgirlsungirl I am syoure every office has them. Men and women with no capacity to realize they should SHUT THE UNHOLY FUCK UP ,  Christ
Ummm i am really f * cking annoyed that my computer will not let me get on facebook. every other site known to man--yes-- facebook-- no
i have  come to the conclusion that lemongrass chicken tastes like lysol -  so much for lunch!
dammit - I slept in; now I have even less weekend to enjoy  - off to Azeroth bbl!
id be happy thats it is friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
@katecameron2002 Oh same here ,  can not believe they killed hi am off!  Hate Stringer now!
I think I did okay on my Math Test today. I really really really hope I did. If I didn ' t I swear I will get SO mad at myslef.
cold , so cold fuck!
@RawrEli Aww that sucks
Fkkk at the nyourses coughing up my lungs
ok so this eye doctor guy is taking forever and i am sitting in a cold room by myself . . . what  ?   A jerk!
@methodphoto I think you need to define what you mean by  ' clue ' . will not be at WWDC this year
@gillian9 Aww ,  I had one yesterday ,  they suck
This weather sucksss
@kmrasmussen nah. How it sucks to wear a suit and how the temp goes up 10 degrees when someone sit is next to you
Musem equaled FAIL ! ! ! !! hall of fucking life was closed cause of construction
Why are CDs in HMV so overpriced  ?   12.99 for @billyraycyrus  ?   I hate having no money
@tommcfly you didn ' t come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that is boring
oh no ,  gotta fillout more paperwork for my new job ,  daayum ,  this is going to take a while!
depressed; my best friends pissed @ me
On the subject of frosty beer - My bloody fridge has conked and my beer is warm
argggggg car crash tv it is just sooooooooo horrible to see her like that  #bgt
enjoying a fresh mango bubble-tea slush   but still at work
I hate that place!
I hate that you can not edit loose-in-the-tweetisphere tweets ,  as you always notice spelling mistakes a millisecond after clicking  ' update ' 
Mad because quiz 5 answer on the BET Ford Fusion sweepstakes are all wrong
Fuck the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hoyours to do it in!!
The only thing about preparing 5 sermons in one week is just when you think you are done . . . you have to prepare the powerpoint slides
Not making good ti ame ,  fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: http/bkite.com/07XOi
why does twitter hate me i cant put no photos on my page
Well off the clock twitter friends. Sidenote: I hate commuting in heavy rain
@SQLDBA Sorry i will make syoure to bomb in talk at SSUG next month as penance 
only gets spam in her college email account now. What a way to rub in graduation.
@djbelle LMAO!I was JUST thinking how I fucking hate @ least 3 people that i am following . . . but I have notunfollowed em '  yet. i am a loon.
i am so angry right now  . .  today i am not doind nothing and all my classmates yes   , i think i will stay with my friend Mr.Computer  . .  hope not
had a great ti ame last night ,  but my eye is byourning  ! ! !  it hyourts bad
damn it . . . Margie said she could not share the info on who killed Evil Eddy with me   She wanted my info again ,  gave it to her
i am really bored ,  anthony is doing senior board shit. and i am hungry and cold.
i hate the tremors ! ! !  ! ! !  stupid meds.
@mileycyrus my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.
@19fischi75 dont think me ugly - but tha dumb ass is lookin a lill betta - an he know it!
@WordSpring @Ti amAyres EEW  Cheese. I hate cheese.
@SherylBreuker I hate that Costco always costs us so much money
@jessicagirrl i know fuck my dick  i really wanted to go ,  but i have to go to some fucking puertorican wedding ,  damn spanish 
@l2ichal2d that is a given bitch cuz ill be there  me  vegas . . .  actually not
texting my friends and being bored . . .    gosh i hate rain!!
@anniething1  *  reads phone book *  Hugh Clancy ,  Hugh Claments . . . Nope ,  no Hugh Clap.  Poor Holly ,  though she  will grab pity votes like a shark.
Ugh . .   this sucks.
@marvelvscapcom oops too late
lunch was depressing! All the seinors were balling! Really sad.
Sittin through this boring ass conference call . . .  Then i get to go home n nap  *  {missin @AndyR3w alot  } * 
waiting - gg is loading  . . .   annoying!
@mitchelmusso so cool! if only i could call! my phone will not let me calll the number!
good 1km visible shot of TD one shows total decoupling of the low and mid level centers . . . this system is DEAD!! Waiting for the next one
it is car crash tv at it is worst.
gawww ,  why is facebook being so slow  ?  
I made this huge revelation as I was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now I totally forgot it. I hate when that happens.
My niece had e-learning yesterday. She used my computer. I had like 2-3 hoyours of sleep only. I was cranky and I behaved like an ass!
Needs to  ' unfollow '  some tweeps ,  it is not that I dislike you but I can not keep up with you tweeting literally every 2 minutes! Sorry
My car might have to be totaled
@FollowActive Oh so nooooowwww youre too busy for me . . . dam I see how it is! How long we known each other  ?  !  ?  !  ?  
@si amplyvanessa why you never answer me . .   wath i say to you
my dads being an ass . . . .
ughh feel rubbish
#bgt What happened Greg.  That was a rubbish follow up.
Work till 6 . . then dreadful tv shopping cause mine broke
@MostTornBrain Agreed ,  the review process is unfortunately not a very fair one  . . .    #iphonedev
I have had to yield my computer to the Webkinz Fan Club . . . 
@msmiya127 did your car get towed  ?   Thats what happened to redgie is car last ti ame he went there  another reason why i do not  like splashtown
@Emilee_Marie Wish I could make it too ! ! !  I hate my commute someti ames
I always want to be perfect. Thats so hard cause I even know that it is i ampossible.  . . . 
Damn it. Totally gutted I decided not to go out tonight. Roni Size is DJing
At the art all state. I feel very sick.
I went over the li amit for actions per hoyour for twitter clients.  i hate that li amit.
@LittleMissDx it sux your so it a diff country
swoobs and swass . . .  why the hell is air not on TODAY when I am packing  blech
@MissNikkiC I kno I kknow  . . .  sigh . . .  been on. but it sux
WORSE FUCKING DAY EVERRRR.   Tonight better make up for today
types too fast for her own good. and has been craving pizza for 2+ wks. GAH i hate not having a job i want pizza!  lmaoz why me  ?  !
Ugh ,  okay i am going to go shower now  and then shopping with mommy ,  let is hope I do not  pass the fuck out.
@thecultyoureofme do not  feel too bad i just had a byourrito from there and it kinda sucked.
I was waitin '  so many new and good songs about the end but I didnt like it so much
@TheSi ams2 aww BBQ  ?   that is not fair  all i had was chocolate
school and the guy i like was talking to the girl i cant stand at all!!  ppl are just sooo . . . ughhhh!!
damn ,  my photo is gone!
ugh trek of hollie steel  she annoys me 
Facebook decided i am annoying or abusive because I add lots of friends. At least I have no distractions from coyoursework now . . . 
At home now. Feeling very tired. I want to take a nap but I can not.
ohhhh my feet ache
at economics i wanna go homeeeeeee  i am tired and i hate the teacher.  and im sick of half of my classmates and i wanna go home and sleep
@McFlyingGirl  i got too do coyourse work   i hate it it is hard this one
LUCY IS HATING ON MY GWEG!
@3minds nope- dnt have wireless ne more  HATERS ! ! ! ! Ugh . . .  Save me a copy so I can watch it . . . 
THIS TWITTER SHIT KAN EAT THE GUN NOW  . . . AN I do not  EVEN BE GOIN IN SMFH ,  OVER REACTIN 4 NOTHIN ,  I NEED 2 STAY STRONG
@raerica what  ?  really  ?   That sucks  http/myloc.me/20Yy
Sunbyourn hyourts!
I think the UPS web site hates me now. Still no Brewing supply package.  Held hostage at work by slow UPS delivery
@ShannonDae really  ?   I hate the mobile twitter . . it is hard to tweet with a sidekick
frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry ! ! ! !
I hate watching the News. Why do such awful things happen  ?  
As if the day could not get any worse! Am once again an involuntary audio audience to the (not so) domestic bliss emanating from next door
@TalentAgentLA unfort ,  i can not DM you b/c your not following me
@walksthesehills i will push it into the sea for you
Oh insomnia ,  I hate you. i am bored of staring at my ceiling ,  cano go sleepnow please  ?  
There are bugs attacking my laptop
@Mahalat Sorry. Not unemployed.
Just saw my boo he went back to work now ti ame to do my hair but it is going to rain WTF
@PreciousLittle so jealous
@toriigwyn i want chinese food really baaad.
@erickajonasbby aw poor u   do not  let her get 2 u just ignore her n keep your head held high she iz just i ammatyoure lil girl lol
In a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep . . .  no funny ti ame . . . 
@hptwilighter i am dying to read it!  I hate England.
i am really mad at the world today. Today is just a sucky day.
ah my tummy hyourts  damn starbucks sugar/chocolate/caffeine
@caniszczyk Agreed! Though Eclipse apps hinder collecting the heap dump by catching OOME. Had to muck about in JConsole
Mobile phone check-in  ?   Another fail! American is service came close ,  but crashed at the gate. i am now 0 for 3.
Hates that my a.c does not work! it is so hot
Assembling/ figyouring out this new alarm daddy gave me - SOOO loud  I think I blew out my ear drum
I feel like poop. I hate being sick
@richcav Yes ,  they can ,  but the selection is arbitrarily and severely li amited because of nonstandardized copyright laws.
i am so not feelinq this huqe ass pi ample smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man
@lexiloohoo ugh! Fuck it. Today does not look like it is going to work  i am sorry
Princess Sakyoura is MINE  therefor i want to use it on TJ! grr
@FlittyGadabout i am not a hobo.
@heatherofficial you make people drink petrol and set them on fire  ?   your not the person i thought you were
Birthday tomorrow. Doing jack shit all weekend
woke up way later than I intended to today  Need to start getting to bed before 5 a.m. b/c this will be a bad habit to break later
@thatdude356 someone hates me
I have to go clothes shopping tomorrow  I hate it ,  but I have a serious clothes falling apart situation here.
Q: what happens when you do not  marry your ex  ?   A: you dont get a ring ,  therefore ending up with NOTHING to pawn when u need $$
@notbeaverhausen I want to hit that
Feel like crap today   Got a speeding ticket 1st since 5 years . . . blows ! ! !  ! ! ! !
i am not sleeping at all until @thisisryanross accepts my appology
it is raining! boo
crap! tying run is on 2nd!  let is hold em '  Raiders!
@katecameron2002 o can not work that one out  pain in the ass them spammers
is tired if ppl shit talking
@Jordanx just stop talking if your gonna be that mean
Ugh. I hate bad grades. 1st ti ame i have  ever failed a class and no As- B ,  B ,  D ,  W ,  I ,  I! Not like me at all
@karyaazyoure WHAT is WRONG WITH ECHO  ?   NOOOO!   i will kill that lady!
God damn you Twitter ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !! Stop eating my undeleted DMs ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
@leprakhauns when you have nothad one in over a week! that was a really mean joke he just played on me!
@BitterTea ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them
Computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz Dual core and vista freezes . . . fuck you microsoft . . . i want win 7
I h8 this weather!! it is the be gloomy  rainy all weekend
I hate traffic. Dallas is nothing ,  but traffic!
I think i have  got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings
i donbt like to peel prawns ,  i also dont like going shopping ,  running out of money and crawling round the car looking for more
cleaning and packing. Moving house is shit. it is going to be a long weekend . . . 
i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
@ChuckQuartz Oui mademoiselle. You can barely tyourn around these days without bumping into one.
About to be stick at work till freakin 2 am.  Madd suck and I worked most the day!
My radiator boiled out
@Ainz90 anyday! I hate living here!
People are just pisssing me offf. Ugh
This herniated disc sucks.  i am stuck mostly on my back when I could be out riding.
Car-warmed Sprite tastes like sore throat
wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there
@DanielFielding Same! And big moths and wasps and just insects in general HAHA I hate them
Ugh!! Why is not inFamous on xbox360 ! ! !   ?    ?   Fucking lame . .  it is only on PS3 . . 
I was hoping to sleep in tomorrow  . . I guess it is not happening  Stupid blood tests grrr . . 
When youre kawawa ,  you make me kawawa cuz i hate seeing you so kawawa is  ohhhhh 3
@dougiemcfly me too ,  it sucks
@xqueenteex sigh . . . . exams aint no wer neaaarr finished!! i have 3 next week . . .   bin stressd . . .  and i aint guna b bak till end june!
i may cry damn this weather got my ass byournt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hyourt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
Just got a follow from @lindsey5054. Yep ,  it is spam. Damn twitter traffic machine.
@AHisme  it sucks big ti ame. I am in Sheffield till Sunday. I do not  think I can pretend to be happy and smiley anymore.
Using a temporary mouse since my trackball is breaking down. I can feel the RSI crawling up my wrist already  .
@sexidance I saw slater on some MTV show ,  So you think you wanna dance with slater or some crap like that. Where is Kelly Kapowski
SON OF A BITCH ! ! ! ! ARGGGHHHHHHHHHHH SO OVER IT.
This day is fkn UGLY  it matches my mood  unfortunatly. Ti ame 2 blast off 2 the moon
Damn it is warm. Want to stay out the back garden to protect the doggie from the bastards next door.
@DanielJUK awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone   laugh their asses off; when the see your not laughing that shoud be a HINT! Wrong
@bobbythomas1 Oh no ,  garlic juice nooooooo  thats disgusting . . . grrrr
The only wayi will feel safe is when he is finally in jail where his stalker ass belongs!
@AmberRainDesign many tribes r becoming extinct  I blame Mc Donalds ! ! ! 
Damn I hate this weather this shit sucks! I wanted to go out tonight but not n no mess like this
i was kinda hoping this ti ame it was going to be differnt . . .  it is not it just sucks  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
btw ian watkins has stopped following me  so i am a wee bit pissed off!
@tommcfly How dare you apologize to the UK for being gone for a while but do not  apologize to america for never toyouring here at all ! ! ! 
I totally forgot thats it is friday till I read @AlyssaNoelleD is tweet. Ha. I feel dumb   *  Take A Breath * 
@_AislinnTighee bhaha ,  it is a teenage nightclub and i am at home when i am supposed to be there. they had no fucking license. no more touch
@alexholroyd i am just bustin '  ya chops; it is not bad. Never seen any real appeal to last.fm is all. Bad quality audio from crap artists
@gorgeousapg hahahaha. Nahh sowwieee.  I had to git a shirt to match dez sneakerz nd idk if they da same color. Aghhh  lol
Having really bad sorehead
it is Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww
@emboosh aw that sucks
Apple is also rotten in the center ,  just my luck
They wouldn ' t reverse any of my overdraft fees.
So much for running outside like I thought I was going to  looks like the treadmill will have to do for today . . . thanks a lot rain
@rockinaround nope  do not  you think it is a cri ame  ?   
At the bus stop there is always a big pile of loogies. So. Gross.
@i amWendy that sucks!
But he has an out of date script. That is really bad. So midway thru his pitch we catch it. He gets all butthyourt and storms out. His loss.
Ugh ,  I hate 90 degree weather
Just when I thought albany could not any worse my ao is leave me
I hate waiting in lines
I hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  I overdid reading today ,  they are  sore as fuck. Going to rest. -sigh-
@thirdgradehater this traffic is ridiculous i am may not make it
@toin9898 Wow . .  that really sucks!
@MsStella damn. You could have just called or told me in person. You didn ' t have to humiliate me in front of the whole twitterverse.
I am native ,  not french ! I hate this ! !  ! Trying to find ani amals in french ,  I SUCK ,  SOMEONE HELP PLEEEEEASE    ?   Alone- Allison Iraheta   ?  
f *  *  *  that weather
Nothing good at the five dollar sale.
In children is hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm
Dear On the Boards Theater: You are so loud above my head  stomp stomp ugh
@tezi_soch hah nooo she is the obly one that can AUMFFF i hate nick because he is datin miley
The Bucket List was a very bad film choice this evening.  I may need therapy now
Bit disappointed with The Killers On Jonathan Ross  He is sexy as hell though
boredddddddd ,  work tomorrow . .   and sunday. i hate clarks
Oh man ,  I feel sick. As in I might have contracted a cold . . .  maybe from the kids '  slobber on Thyoursday
@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
I really hate it when someone calls themself your friend BUT you only hear from them when they want something from you  #friendfail
I hate my vserver. Java says: Could not reserve enough space for object heap
@MirandaBuzz ahhhhh . . .  . . .  i hate math ! ! !  ! ! ! ! right now we r doing something so hard that we just learned today . . .  . .   lol
@Skittles3640 No prob ,  skittles we always gonna have yall is backs. The true sweeties dont play . .  LOL But yea we just got heated. We sry
so very irratated
@MVPublicLibrary do not  tape hold slips to items !! just ripped a digipack cd case
@nelsoncrew  do not  hate me  I seek approval from anyone and everyone . . 
@boriqua206 Cause i am not hearing from you guys ! ! ! 
ahhh ! ! ! ! u know what really sucks   ?     ?     ?    i sprained my toe!! OUCH!!
It should be illegal for me to date
I hate thunder and lightning!
Musically ,  these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear . . .  not so good.
i hate rain and people.
exhausted ,  but forced into attending a lock-in
My bike was put on hold . . . should have known that . . .  argh total bummer
i do not  wanna go back to school on monday
it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too . . . I hate storms! wah
@DreamsAnais_MJA  . . I do not  know who gon do the yelling  cussing for upgrades when u go.
can not upload a pictyoure. I already hate twitter
i feeeel like shiit  blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
How the fuck do 2833 songs fill an iPod that is supposed to hold 4000  ?  
@karriereKay being sunbyournt is horrible
@mtmont gah ! ! !  twitpic is uploading sideways today
@Anna_Fyour_Laxis It makes me feel physically sick. I read Let The Right One In and was only horrified by the cat violence.  Just horrible
@Yermilla really  ?   bcoz i am not good in math  we r learning sumthing that we will not need  so thats why i do not  like math  my teacher is uh
whats the point of wisdom teeth  ?   NOTHING! grr in so much pain and i look like a chipmunk FML
Living down @ Alki without off-street parking BLOWS. 30p  there is no parking. Wkds are the worst ,  feel like a hostage.
And the city I love ,  Tucson ,  is the 18th most miserable  http/bit.ly/k3Gmw
Lol . . 2 people in falcon . . and boo one of them being becca
@velvetella Hey! Polka dots or black dress. Both very glam. Mobile twitter is a bit crap at the mo.
@SeanyeWest the mind plugs work ,  but the patent got tyourned down b/c someone already thought of earplugs and benedryl
Boring starting work weekend soon . . .  . . .  . . .  . . .  1st need to get a Ti am Coffee so I can make it through this damn night shift . . .  . . . 
Windows updates suck. There are so freaking many of them.
y do i even bother getting a new fone . . i just fucking break them anyway  ,   ,   , fones dont float  ,   ,  especially when thrown in the pool
@harperkzm that sucks  booo.
There is ALWAYS one JOYKILL in the crowd!    haters!
@ericki amberlin ew man ,  i hate you  TBS 3
@HallamBritten I talked to Kat ,  that is crappy
Did NOT get paid today.
People are people . . . nooooo  ?   Id never have guessed tht . . . idiot . . i am grouchy now
So my parents are too busy making me feel like crap to realise that i have  got worse and need to see a doctor again. No sleep sucks
i am being so whiny right now i am annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after Movie Night kid-sitting
i am going to sleepies ,  feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeplesx
#whyareyoustillhere One Tree Hill ! ! !  [[ They cancelled my shows The Game  Everybody Hates Chris n dont NOBODY WATCH U N-E-MORE ! ! !   ]]
oh my god  ,  Tony Hawk is motion on the nintendo DS sucks ass!
@zanylikethat Awwwww.
My new site is stuck in the Google sandpit now  Test of my skills until it comes back out!
ahhhhh fuck it . . . . none of my friends want to see it . . .  and they do not  wanna chill tonight . . .  so it is just me myself and i
@NikkiCSWS OWW! that girl needs her meds. I feel her ,  though. Adam got cheated
I got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  Damn Detroit Fans ! ! ! 
i am so sick ,  it is ridiculous.
Listening to shit music.
Dammit ,  more money to spend on iPhone apps . . .  have notfinished Wolfenstein yet  http/bit.ly/Othhv
errr . . . I do not  want to go sit in the heat and watch a high school graduation.
@johnmaine ahh i wish you guys would come to a hot topic near me.
Pissed at you @KatieHanrahan  http/myloc.me/21CU
Note 2 all twoloers: neva stay @ a candlelight suites shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny!
Struggling . . . selfishness and jealousy does not get you any fyourther in life . . .  ohh myyy
@thatgirlonline Dude you are always going to midnight screenings! xD. I wish I lived in a city. Well ,  I do (until tmrw!) but it is rubbish
@MsPrincessLala @AshleyNicole305  someone is ignoring me   being mean . . 
@ki ami_joyner And he can not even tell me.  Me and hi am are fucking done ,  professionally. Fuckin '  ass.
went to galveston ,  want to go back
it is called communifuckingcation . . . .learn it ,  know it ,  do it. These stupid ass people!
Hmm maybe I this ti ame I really did over react and do the worst
@Miss_Molotov Go much bamboo  ?   Would you like to attempt to structyoure a sentence that makes sense  ?   Why did i fail english and others pass  ?  
@bongy_k your teacher sounds uber disrespectful.
i bit my lip . . . hate it when i do that.
I have had the William Shatner version of Rocket Man in my head for 3 days now. it is fucking distracting
I hate being yelled and sworn at
@Spidersamm ohh yeahh  i am probs gonna be a loner to start with ,  thanks to the person i was gonna go with be a bitch
Okay ,  so the only reason i am not buying this app is because I hate EA and all that it stands for. Si amCity rocks though.  http/is.gd/JpMM
fuuuuu ,  helllla sleepy ,  had no lunch ,  now i am working 4 to 10 . . .  gota wait till 6 to eat.
Stupid hand. Have A2 and flop nut low and top pair. But guy had also out low and out flush. Quartered.  at 5900.
I am slowly getting angry at this Jon and Kate Plus 8 thing
@Daft_Punk_Robot  wtf . . . .winter is not due til monday ,  am freezing
@Vahevalarain awe . .  that sucks and I can not . . .  we are trying raffis '  birthday 2.0  3
Which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to AZ didnt raise $80 in price
@thehypercube - touched a real live Cube in Hamilton. Dealership closed - could not sit in it though
Yay for St Louis traffic
my phone is dead  this sucks
@foodphilosophy seriously ,  technology is not always my friend. Nothing like doing double research.
Stupid storm. No river for us tonight
@littlelindseyyy i hate it
Headed to Chicago for my cousin is wedding. Leaving at 5pm on a Friday was a horrible idea. Sitting stopped in traffic
general cleaning! i hate cleaning
I miss my saraH. baby come back!  (fuck bbvag smell.)
Ew traffic
hates getting wasted
@hollay I hate you
stupid playstation! stupid controllers do not  work so I can not play kingdom hearts.
ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as shit. my life sucks right now
Ok so i am fuckin hungry . . . !  i am fat I know . . I know . . ! Aha
@shemeika of coyourse you would be going there when i am not there!
Im really desappointed . . . 
I am going to be sooooo busy today it is not funny. i hate busy day is
i am gonna cryyy ! ! !  My car looked so good clean and it is fuckin raining!  ?  ! I always do this . . . wash it right before it rains
24 hoyours and $400 later and I hav a new telecom phone that dosent work.  Stupid telecom
Cleaned out me Followers List and blocked the porn girls  Crap Now I look like a spammer
@IsoBan  . . .  i hate it so much.
@JusLisaE what a damn shame all that body to waste
@inkswamp No FTP/Browser on the Mac  I may visit an old Mac Lab or Sneakernet with ZIP100s to Kinkos. Anyone with Fetch on a Floppy  ?   DM me
My head hyourts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever . .  i am super grossed out ! ! ! !
Danget  having problems with WLW and Blog engine  uggh . . .  not again  !!
God is a huge teaser
Power Outage ,  door to freezer propped open ,  3G ice cream make for slippy floor  M-er F-er!!
RP @Bryan000: RP @MrSwishaTwista: RP @Bryan000: My crack . . . --Here is mine.   ?  ----  I just threw up in my mouth lil bit--it is my legs ,  LOL.
@MirandaBuzzfans dont worry ,  i will. i HATE it when nobody comments on my pics
you not going nowhere bitch!
stupid wireless!!
Ahhhh ! ! !  ! ! !  Almost off ! ! !  can not wait!! But . . I got work again rite after this!   HAT CLUB Come  gi amme some Company! Oh  a Cookie! 
@hellokatzchen  Anyone who can wear Victoria is Secret must submit pictyoures for the rest of us who cannot. My secrets must stay secret.
@ai amzy24 i am sorry ,  but x-men sucks . . .  in a bad way!  
@requin they really do need to mind their own business ,  eating disorders are NOT the only reason people have to vomit ,  assholes
@LSOLO  . . ok brother . . . did you change your num and not give it to me ,  AGAIN   ?     ?     ?    smh . . you no good dude
@DirtyDizco Maaan if I was in pain I would come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol  *  rolls eyes * 
11 Days left until freedom. I really just want to get through this weekend. I hate essays.
what am i gonna watch after BGT  bad ti ames
@Lady_Lynn @deanna_raquel ahh man  ok if y ' all end up doin sumthin else let me kno so I can meet y ' all 2 see wht yal gone do . . 
I hate horrible atmospheres ,  I pick them up so quick!  kisskiss
@robluketic damn i always miss it
Hates bleech!! Messed up my black outfit
i have to poop . . .   @sleezye89 is hogging the shitter
first day of summer sucks ! ! ! ! it is overcast and cold . . .   this is not summer!  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  
tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie
@DJLisaFo Ouch. I used to hate it when I did that  (And then there are the irate callers who were trying to record ,  getting p *  *  * ed ,  etc)
Ugh! Plane delayed due to weather!  Stuck with another hoyour to kill.  http/twitpic.com/67xs0
In pain  ,   ,   poor me ,  I HATE THE SUN
@Zaraa_x ah that is annoying
I spoke too soon ,  a nasty thunderstorm just came out of nowhere . . I got soaked making a quick run to the store!!
@FallenStar1 Get out.
Hey @jerrymontano!  @secrettweet is mainly depressing!  it is all these people who are cheating or do not  love each other anymore
Someti ames black girls just piss me off like a mother fucker!
@c0oki3 u think u have bills Ha!Ii just finished paying mine that is y i am broke
o damn i just accidentally listened to rick ross
We bought a pool instead of going to California. Now the pool is broken and we have wasted oyour vacation money for the next 2-3 years.
And I want you to shut the fuck up . . .  I really hate living with my step dad. =-\ I can not wait to move out . . . 
hopes whoever stole my pyourse and money gets what is coming to them
@TJmodeling That sucks majorly . . . hhhmmmnnn . . . i am thinking . . . I would ' ve said the self tanner or a really good concealer . . . i am stuck
College work sucks so much!
@niqa86 Yes bb  There are actually 2 of them ,  but the other one I do not  really give a shit about.
@DrPostALot  sucks
@ForrestTheCat awww ,  I hates it wen families are brokun up by humuns. Maybee you see hi am agin wun day.
@BraveMaiden I do not  get as much ti ame here either. it is going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  It stinks.
when i fell on my ass today i ripped my blue volcom boxers
aww dude . .  no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing
soooo fed up with this
Just rang the irish one. Drunk. Must confiscate phone.  hate hi am lots.
@iamcheerbear I know  It fucking sucks. anyway you can get a fake id or something  ?  
i am Twitter dumb. Just saw my @thecraftpantry.com  all the kind folks who ' ve tweeted me. AH!So sorry ,  i am not ignoring you ,  just SLOW.
just camee back from bowling ,  which i offiacial suck at
@KrissyJill fuck.  it is only in Canada right now.
Hail/Thunder storm here. The Power keeps on going on then off. It sucks.
i was invited to one on the beach but it was too short notice i mean why the hell tell you 2hrs before  ?    ?   really  ?  
still can not figyoure this twitter thing out ,  i can not my background pic to stick and i can not seem to change my profile pic
I had a new work pictyoure taken today ,  hated it ,  it looks too much like me http/bit.ly/PHjyour
Home finally. Hungry. needs food. mad cause I might not get pizza today  Hanging out with brandon. it is raining . .  ugh!!
lalalalaaaa i have a virus  tear tearrr well my COMPUTER has a virus! running scan grrr : \
@joshhebert yeah bit it is overheating a bit and the AC died.
misses her phone . . .  having no service sucks
why is this english homework so hard  i seem to be getting nowhere
Dang! My voice wont came out! And my snots is covering all my tissues . . .  DANGIT! I hate FLU!
I hate it when Trevor drives
@AdamRPhoto ow shitttt i cant come get drunk ihave to go to a photo shoot in portsmouth or sumfink  owwwwwwwwwwwww
Shots suuuuck!  i am done  no more vacines!
well it is hot as heck right now
@annettestarbuck heck yea that beats traffic!  i am on the stinkin toll road (paying to sit in traffic ,  nice) no milkshakes out here
I have to reupload the damn thing again
@jessicagee7 i have restricted driving priviledges . . .   and i didn ' t even do anything. stupid double standards
Knew she was an idiot . . 
god ,  brera ,  why is your plot twist going to fucking everything up i can feel it
@brentonscowie  dude i will check again but i couldnt find anything  haha i am capital F-U-C-K-E-D
: I saw US Postal was hiring ,  but once I was done filling out the pre-application thingy it didn ' t show me jobs open in the area.
just got back home . . .  bored now
hates scaleeeee
So . . .  Things didn ' t work out as expected ,  well damm
@CiiTYLiiGHTSx3 what happened  ?   who is the jerk!  ?  
The jetway feels like the seventh layer of hell. Oh and there are way too many babies on this flight. And I forgot my Bose.
said final farewells to roommate.  almost finished packing then it is dc or bust on the 3rd. california: i divorce you x 3!
@anwith1n Missed you at LoDo is
Cleaning my house on a Friday night
i already hate my tan lines  oh well better get used to them
@acepilot P.S. I hate your work schedule! I wish you could come play tonight
Ti ame to get ready for wrk! Ahhhh ,  I dnt wanna goooo!
@jordaaaannnn Damn i wanna see the rest!! i only saw like 30 minutes
@dnbchik ahhh . . . Lily is new kitten just took a giant wet stinky shit on me
Forced to eat red hotdogs coz i am starving and there is nothing else for breakfast. Ick.
ok . . .  twitter I almost pass out because of you!! bastard    : ' (
Also I popped the phone open and got all that goddamn dust out ,  but I wore out a clip on the camera panel so I had to glue it shut
My moms Season 3 of Weeds got byournt up in a family friends mobile home.
Not talking to anais anymore.
@ThisStarChild it is just a shame what wisdom comes with age ,  but age destroys youth
Oyour plane had landed!! FINALLY gonna get to board . . . an hoyour late.  stupid rain ! ! ! 
Taking the caltrain to go see the giants. it is Cold and someone smells like pee
@Mtn_Dew tokens have notbeen working for me all day . . . 
@meecheeko Is a WHORE but she  will never know I said it cuz she does not love her twitter
stuck here  ~ * Lady * ~
@juniper73 oh that sucks  Tell your DH to act like a grown up maybe  ?   I would be stressed too
@BillyScallywag There is loads of highly qualified stuff  and loads STILL using snail mail.
U know I didn ' t care for that wolverine movie and i am a xmen fanatic. That joint sucked to me.
twice in a week Qantas club lounge computers broken  #flyertalk
@mayabbz oh damn that sucks
Being in Vegas with @donniewahlberg would be so much better then home!! This has been the day from hell!!
@branewyourms that took me 3 rereads to see you didnt say eat girls instead of actually grit is. i am disappointed.
my nail broke  I haaaaaaaaate
@MrWize sike sike call it truce   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?   u still a bitch and my ppl still gonna air u out tho
cleaning cleaning cleaning today then working out!  i love not working!
Chem was not better than physics. And now i am so tired. @natasya_astri HAHAHA NTN BBF JUGA YA  ?   Hihi gue sukanya Jun Pyo  ?  
is home  excited that gemma is getting her breaking dawn MWAHAHAH (evil laugh) . . . is angry with hopeless assholes  . . . 
@DavidArchie Good luck! If I remember right ,  everything in England is a rip off ,  anyway! And next ti ame ,  write me back! Haha
@chicalit finding a place to crap on the move eh  ?   Whoever said technology is crap  ?  
@AndriaAndCo  do not  forget Twitter ,  the bastard step-child of enablers
@chregu block this IE6 shit
Bored . . .  Some vector shit . . .  Off to work after this class . . 
@bridgetmcmanus go into an anti-gravity chamber then you can tell gravity to suck it.
@prateekgupta I am just  ' okay-okay '   . .  like the rest of the sane population in the world ,  I hate mondays
@xiape copy  paste fuck cunt tosser piss flap a 10000000000 ti ames  ! ! ! !
@tommcfly dw you never will 
@joecommisso i am going to smack you
Redford - Sufjan Stevens ][ for @yoochun ill make you cry again 3  @mi amacruz syoure no prob slugger ; add th . . .    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jdtm
i hate byoureaucracy. ahwell . . .  aussies still going good
Boys are stupid ,  throw rocks at them
@LiliCosic i am good-making a list of things to do today.I have a week off in a few days , I dont want to be doing these chores things then!
They are unloading a Leopard Tank just next to my office window. Hope I didn ' t piss off anyone
i just had the weirdest dream ever and can not see because owi credo is too brighi. But i hate guys
via @uhmmm: Christopher Moore You Suck - hmm tja . .  sucks
Jason Mraz is still serenading me ,  while I read Judicial Supervision of Executive Action in the Commonwealth Caribbean.  BBL!
@joolzP1 i was studying computing this year . . . bring as feck!! changing to plant science  next year
@neillavin300 Ok well from the pic i take it you do. Thats unlucky . Lmao
Ended up riding down brick lane  The A12 was dead (apart from scameras every 5 minutes) took an hoyour to get in.
@vrikis Better than work ,  work ,  10 minutes for lunch ,  work ,  work ,  work  ?   Actually it might be. I do not  work very hard
IDIOTat)MilanQ Heyy. Th * nks For The Follow.  Have A Good Night. (Frank_Whyte) #IDIOT
hate public Internet . . .  someti ames they do not  even reach farther than the transmitter it iself . . .  and i am sitting right next to it  #WIN
@emzyjonas Yea once - me and my friends flew out to amercia to see her w/ the Jonas brothers  . have u  ?   haha i hate bebo :p . aw cant wait
@Miki_is_Rad yeah it was shit D: i am so tired ,  i have a headache and now i have to play a game of rygby D: but ill be right x 33
Morning! Bank Holiday Monday and the sun has gone - typical! Hospital for knee at 20 and then training at 6. Another  bust day
Why do not  adobe realise no one WANTS to pay for Photoshop et al so they should just give it to us for free
While driving u come across aggressive driving behavioyour by another driver. U should . . .  Chase the car 2 tell the driver how to drive
Buffett Lambastes Bankers ,  Insyourers for Greed ,  Stupidity http/is.gd/wyAB
; why is the font so huge  ?  ! small fonts rock socks
I knew there was a reason I hated cars! 1. Too slow! 2. Too big! 3. I get car sick! 4. Motorbikes are much much much more fun!!
cry baby. janes joplin what is this  ?   munsay music. but i dont know wich shit day i  am today
I hate mondays ,  but I love @revision3 is schedule. HELLO ,  DIGG REEL!
@beachNZ yep nothing better
@coollike And i am packing your ANGRY eyes ,  just incase
gooooodnight  i fully gave up on my english. pride and prejudice. love the movie HATE the book 
@LushLtd Well are not you just the kindest people in the world  Unfortunately ,  I have no such enquiries!
@MissJoJoSmith I was thinking there should be a thumbs down button for Cry me a river.
@Chappers67 TV is shite , thank god for youtube
i hate the bus . . . any donations toward my car fund  ?  
@GeekWearsPrada Have you been going to the Trop for the last 5 years  ?    No more games for you!
@MissMary i am so jealous!!
@iaingilmoyour I queue for cake standing up and with a slight look of deranged anticipation on my face.
@kg86 Thanks  The elephants look magnificent This is what we miss due to stupid restrictions - 3G pleease and cheap!!
@girltrumpet yeahh  idk if i like owen anymore though . . .  i kinda lost respect for hi am in an episode i recorded . . . 
@dannyvan i could have got you some from work and not paid more than R20 per 2l
i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i do not  make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk
fucken tired as fuck  it is sunny . .  good day  ?   deffff
I WISH I LITERALLY COULD FUCK JUST ABOUT EVERY NIGGA IN THE WORLD . . . i amA NYMPH
his footy ,  and getting krisnan inu back on the team  / also ,  twitter ,  get rid of the ridiculous character li amit.
@cyourtistrichel thank you for being cabbie this AM-was not pissed and slamming doors this AM BTW ,  just hauling ass to get bathed before 6!
7846 - almost catching @comedyqueen up ,  so gonna kick her ass ,  and woop i will b joing the 10k mile high club soon
awake.  school. ew. but i put on some nice lotion.
how to get rid of your followers step 1: announce that you are unfollowing people who give you the shit is . . .  everyone assumes you mean THEM
@David_Henrie No you silly goose!
@hesa it is definitely worth it; art not withstanding  I hate moving; and hate packing even more . . 
@SamStreet69 back to the lovely land of the north
morning twitterbugs . . . nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!
If this rain doesnt go away ,  i am staying in bed all week til Mommy gets here
@rui amoyoura dude ,  come on . . .  at least rotate that motherfucker!
@stanleyyork in that case . .  that is a stupid move  I thought they were being B-A
About to go to school to help my mother set up for Teacher Appreciation Week. How ironic is that ,  Natalee  ?  !
first year in ages where i am not going to the crafty raft  i do not  mind though ,  i do not  even like the crafty raft
Someti ames people never learn to shut up and stop talking shit
@MichelleWegner You are very lucky ! ! !  My legs did not like how long it takes to dry my hair this morning.
@nickindarsingh you suck
@nikster07. i dont know whats worse ,  g is twittering or your myouriel! (@jms_ is the worst anyway  )
Just saw a male Balti amore oriole at oyour suet feeder and something enjoyed a lot of thistle from oyour new thistle feeder early this a.m.
will be very hard to go back to work this morning- 4 straight days at disneyland tends to do that
I woke up at 5:45. Didn ' t have a full bladder ,  was not sick . . .  And to top it off ,  I went for a run. Now I wanna go back to bed
http/twitpic.com/4jgro - me again
@Mfjmaf Namaskar  Namaste r both the same. Marathi people say Namaskar! it is a marathi word . . .  should i   ?    . . . naaaah !
 *  *  gifts  honesty box messages has been discontinued due to abuse  *   *  - hehe ,  dal facebookov aplikace na hovno
is on cloud 20 minus 11 ,  razzle dazzle in amazement cuz he showed her heaven!
@MelBrooke happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month
@agent_22 ok so i am having a complete insomniac moment. it is 6am(almost) and i am STILL awake. I hate when I can not stop thinking!  mornin!
up and listening to The Monsters.
My Boss is in Las Vegas on the 14th A.P.P. Conference . . .  . . . pfff
@626aicitroM Yeah ,  yeah. Less #degenerate than cyourrent occupants of U.S. House of Reprehensibles. You can bet on that. Like MineThatBird.
@JuliusLionheart y r we giving up on people  ?    I actually thought that way for a while too before I found someone who is very intriguing
Just five more days. Five more long days. Ahh!
@quinland  I Hate It There Should Be A Endless Supply Of Hot Water!  I Put the Water Heater On 20mins Ago So Ill Be Gone In 10mins 
@sway_sway_baby mighty boosh kicks arse
@Nnascenzi but cover your sneezes with a tissue for love of God! My germaphobe-ness has significantly increased since joining healthcare
i have to study  talk to you later x
I hate the exams . first ti ame and last ti ame in this school  then i am out ! after 10 years! yaaaay !
@roediger316 It was not the best flick ,  to be syoure.  i am just ready for Star Trek now
Is sick to death of doing French prep. I feel like killing a bitch.  chgehcfncshvd
@Djalfy I sound really Brummie lol but most of all I just hate looking at myself!
Blocked the acct for one of my most hated sports teams. That felt really good.
it is Monday ,  and I am still cleaning up the mess from Thyoursday night is storm.  Like I was not busy enough this week!
playing pet society
@IrvdaRealdeal: I will press that ignore button
@lee634 Damn it! Must be Morrisons then
long $nem (page from @maoxian intraday trading for dummies book)
@Fnoo John and I just bought foyour boxes of them
Watching my girlfriend get out the showe  with her li ame green towel  . .  i am BAD ! ! ! !   Mohawk Kidd
@snookca I find mondays are the busiest days. I come into work ,  and there are 100 things to do cause the boss works weekends.
@maenad_au see i never got kyile . .  not then not now  . . .  see I must have some taste
i am home  I hate school! Now i am going to do do something fun because I have very boring. I want to have something to eat  Soon back!
has just joined twitter. reeeally dont understand how to use this lol
oh ,  it is raining . . .  i haaaate it!  It was a great violin lesson3
they tryna get me 2 sing on mic n i said NO NO NOOOOOOOO
@_handz_ well you know those kind of guys are just idiots
Another loser: @meekakitty I hate you . . . LOST THE GAME #lostthegame  http/tinyyourl.com/r8erc8
@jareason There is nothing good on tonight anyway!!   #Sigjeans
Wow . . .  my god the whole UI is sooo much snappier. it is more responsive than TweetDeck now!  Tweets feel like i ams lol
@rorschachsgirl Yeah--those pants are horrible!  Yeah--my wife loves the job.  She loves performing and kids ,  so it is a good environment.
@Jorge924 you might also want to include never wear a moonwolf to that
cant wait to eat
@mitch4103 And with it ,  I can be online even after I have to log off habbo
@LouisPagan @Raul_Ramos Txs so much for #followfriday . . . i have been so MIA recently . . . work is killing me! Hope you r doing funtastic
@johncmayer You know we dont believe half of what they say
My goodness! Another hit ,  another run ! ! ! 
Come on guys tell me how much your theater charges ! ! !  I want to know if mine is fair and/or average!  Me and hubby are having a discussion
(@coyourtneynewton) oh my god  SHUT UP ! ! !  (sorry. still venting at that person who is annoying me. it is none of you ,  I swear  )
@cheynefritts You are a real hooker. i am gonna slap you in public.
Hot damn ,  i am at fucking Disneyland!
Literally had the worst dinner out ever tonite. So tired of mediocre food in the  ' byourbs.  *  sigh *  At least we can get good ice cream
@erronious Some of yr coworkers hogging the jukebox @ Union Jacks.
@official_flo well thats not nice . . .  hope your all good now
@hiphopcheerio  i am bad with understanding there things! You should know this!
who not here be glad ! ! !  ! ! ! ! your sso luckyyyyyyy i hate u r home n r not endyouring dis ! ! ! !
@tracekase GO TO BED ! ! ! 
@buckhollywood did you go to uga  ?   If so ,  I liked you better before I knew! Ha!
@donutpower  . . .  Kirby playing mario kart  ?    . . .  Umm  . . .  Donut  ?   Are you syoure you are in the right mindset  ?  
@PRGabbi Y  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?   i would rather punch someone
@heyheybeth dis Dick.
just fought with my printer . . . after 2 hoyours i clai am victory . . .  i hate electronics
@snookca looking forward to the reading this post as I like your  ' no bullshit '  writing and often learn a few things
@amilliemills neva mind ya friend had called me jealous and i wanted to kno of what literally of what but it is ova  is my tude now
@Kenichan  it is fully of grabbyhands and bad candy ,  thanks! 3 How is you  ?  
@LiteratePervert kewl - standing by to be rocked
i blame you all!  got it   ?     ?     ?    good :p she better be in good condition 2! 33 night
it is not now . . .  Nor has it ever been Weigly North!! Have avoid drive home!!
@etniqminerals though I have to admit that seems less  less tempting. who has ti ame ,  when there are more complete packages to be had  ?  
Someti ames I hate myself ,  but that is normal so I do not  worry bout it
@Tigerfluff who cares it is hockey
@lynnnein Bad rum experience in college - still have notrecovered
http/twitpic.com/4wbnd - dont worry  ,  i let hi am go . i named hi am fishyyy
@mahmood  *  cough *  star trek  *  cough * 
@reinamexicana garcia bend- learned that lesson last night! I thought i was gonna throw up! Got oyour tix for fashion show at end of mo.
Watch movie must
Almost got sharpied in the face while falling asleep  being sick sucks ! ! ! 
@NatalieAyourora lmao according to the away ,  they are  there. cyourrent focus: tripping ,  ugly pics ,  same dress ,  fat looking
@KeriLyn2980 Totally  plain and si ample . .  i hate all thoes bridezilla shows . .  if i was the groom i would be running far far away!
@chloewolf Except for Josh ,  you like some LAME dudes.
@TerrenceJ106 lets see . .  we hate that groupies are damn near stalkers . .  we love that they send gifts . . 
@rebeccarem I am on here . . finally. AND YAY. seriously. that made my day oh fellow hell ruler
@cjusk i am excited for those pics  send me yours w/ hi am too  i 3 photoshop lol
i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother is day.
ans so the lion . . .  . . . kicked the dogs ass ! ! ! !
Platypuses are the only mammals that can lay eggs.
@johnataylor She should keep her crown and shut her mouth!   Then she  will know what non-judgmental means!
@tayl0rmichael i know. But you messed up silly
Happy mothers day  i am so hungry and the restyourants are all closed . . .  Damn
@HOMELESSCRISIS And maybe you will get the statue and sainthood you are seeking.  Win-win for all. can not be a victi am like your people.
Mad tht I didn ' t make ti ame to hang out with a friend but I already pinky promised tht I will clear my calendar tomorrow
@dearsnippie  I never followed hi am in the first  place!   He is a useless waste of space. and i am not a conservative! LOL
@Tori_Thompson u may need this pill . . . i think u are crazy . . . here take on of mine
Just cleaned mii scrolly ball!
you think yo shit do not  smell  ?   but you are mrs. P-u Lil Wayne sounds the same in ALL his songs
@whit3boy nah will didn ' t tell diego so we at some donminican spot getting fucked up
Tryin to figyoure all this out!! LOL
@Ms_GiiGgl3z lmao ight i am dun wit the faces lmao id rather see yours tho  lol
Ugh i hate photobucket! an amazing place to edit pictyoures is: www.picnik.com  i use it alll the ti ame.
I dont care who gets mad. I like speaking my mind. i am alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! Fuck u!
@mi amicariad Socksy is just plucky and independent to Caspar is lazy and attention seeking
a bedti ame story pls . . . 
finished!  took me about two hoyours ,  but i got a B on it
@KelsyC That just does not sound appetizing.
Shoot ,  are we all done with the mustard jokes now  ?  
@gnxmusic But I am with you . . .  I hate doing it . . .  can not we just make music and magically not have to worry about money  awe . . .  sigh . . . LOL
@LeafyTangram Where is the story  ?  ! I wanna know! I wanna know!
Watching the Broncos vs Chiefs 1994 ,  Montana vs Elway on NFL Network.  I still have nightmares about this game   FU KC!
Sam can go shoot her self.
@marksmadsen lol ,  @skelly on blip.fm is not the @skelly on twitter! i hate that song btw
@tamij i am going to tyourn it off. We Tribbles do not  need tracking devices!     #hhrs
@YasmineGalenorn  I kinda want to smack that darn skeleton though.
Arrogant bastard on tap in Oregon. WHAT ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@iam151 and you suck horribly  the world is at an even balance
@DinkyShop Oh yeah ,  and a few will say she went too far ,  and it  will all end up putting her back on top ,  where she belongs.
Just wanted to say ,  positivity is doin me good! Change it up! will not regret it . . .  Forsyoure . . 
EFF THAT NOISE!
An extra night in pasadena with sergi baby cuz i  ' missed '  my train to riverside
what am i doing drinking a shitload of water to get rid off me hangover then training at 9am
Stupid liars. Glad they are ignorant ,  because I had a blast!!
macs ftw btw. .just because . .  and if you are still using the grandaddy pc is you lost at life . .  jp  ( . . not really . . )
i have a degree , bitches ! ! !  moving t o dallas in a few hoyours
had a 100 % raw day
samberg and ti amberlake collaboration; dick in a box
Fuckin padtron  con sheila.neil.gio.dex.wongo.poncho.bebo.ant.lulutherest of the niggasz
i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do . . .  they e anoying and boring.  *   note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
@backpackerinoz I do not  like fishfingers. I do not  like fish or seafood really. But enjoy it
@jakeron i am not trying to get more followers. i am trying to get MORE INTERACTION ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
now cassidy is butcking that i am bitching lol cant ever win
And they are really censoring over at nin.com and I really hesitate to go over there are talk about this
@ericludzenski Fuck you
FUCK EM
@kryanth heh ,  you seem to have a complex about your iPhone jealousy. This self-denial is harmful! Just let it out.
@freddyfierce google away
@CKHerm Glad you got to walk.  Finish the damn thesis.
The best thing about Ciara. She just finished singing!
@officialtila if I have 5000 friend requests tomorrow ,  i am blaming you  nite
@Emoly_ really!  ?   that son of a bitch ,  screw hi am ,  ill talk to on msn later k  xox
Inspite of the spams . .  I can not stop losing this twittergadget. I love twitting from Gmail
@computermuseum shame I dont still have my 286 compaq portable ,  which was really anything but portable LMAO ,  last tweet 4 now ,  toodle pip
@FlissTee I miss my cats . . .  But not on Sunday mornings! Mine did that to
@Sissillie i honestly hope the theatre gets hit by a meteor before you get there
@badands cupcake!!  you can call me anything but bitch i suppose . . and even then under certain circumstances . . . 
@Reptar01 alives . . .  Less highness feeling . . .  Someti ames I hate that feelings . . .  Talking about an exhusband as if he is dead is funny
wonder what white supremists have to say about this  I abhor racists. http/bit.ly/Rd31F
(@amandastorlie) Shut up and put your money where your mouth is thats what you get for waking up in vegas
@dom_dollaz Yay . . . you like CT. People always tryna shit on it when they ' ve never even been there.
@Carolina_G  your a poopy head
it is agreed if i find out who this girl wasi will punch her from everybody x
@JazZyLov3 loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is FINALLLY done talking to me and has left me alone
@layourenbee aha yeah  all else fails just push  yeah we are dont know what ti ame were leaving yet though
@worldarts I see we are approaching a nice round 5500 number ,  I expect you will have crashed through that by the ti ame I come back tonight
@Darcrider  . . .  rather than outdated  bigoted at worst ,  and outdated ,  patronising ,  i amperialist ,  monocultyouralist  self-righteous at best.
@Rebekah_McFly LOL nah ! of coyourse you  will get the DVD first since you ' ve already ordered it.i will sign up to Bebo on Tuesday then! lol 
got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital i amaging project. looking good.
Why is it that America celebrates mother is day on a different day to England  ?   Anyhooo . . . Happy Mother is Day 2 All American Mumzys!  x
@amiemccarron yes but they hate it when we do it . . . silly boys
can not wait for @ti amminchin live! it is ages away but still I should do a @DancingRocks and plan what i am going to wear lol
stop making assumptions about me when you dont even fucking know me!  haha stupid bitches. thanks for defending me ,  matthew.
@Huntley22 haha fucking hell i know ay. shit son he is just making trouble. we could take hi am.
@Noufah at least it is legal  ,  here in kuwait if u weren not driving SUV then u will get a ticket with big smile
i hate snoring. remind me if my futyoure husband ever snores ,  we are getting a divorce.
@allysonalfonso hahah lucky!! i have to wait 4 days! poop lol where abouts in the gold coast are you  ?   (if u dnt mind me asking)
@scarlethyacinth i am working on a painting due for school and hating myself for sleeping all damn day and starting this so late.
is bored hehehe  i hate IPT
@Tory_x hah ,  well at least we are not saying; tory is a fatty watty
this song is overplayed and i hate that but i do not  care right now cuz i wanted to listen to it    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z6n5
@jaulin Maybe you have ,  my memory sucks.
@MandyBookLover Hi  Yes was not she absolutely terrible! How on earth does she hear a good tune from her ears  ?   Lol
http/twitpic.com/4wsjr - Leisyoure Bay beach  (I see the pic. was not uploaded last ti ame ,  grrr!)
@TheTAZZone That is what I like to hear. I am unabashedly not cool. That is what makes me so cool byw  #logic
@gailtwist I hate doing em ,  but get dragged here by @emzmum . . .  at least it is a beautiful day
discovered cause of a bug in the new #NetPLAYER 4 build. Publishing bug fix now ,  hopefully new beta by tomorrow
So over it!
@jlamshed You are sending tweets to yourself again!
@UniqueGuitarist Had parent teacher thing yesterday!! So boring going to skl on satyourday!!  lol
@LisaHopeCyrus sry twitterfon is kinda shit i will stay at tweetie  this world is so unfair you always have to pay for good stuff 
watching M eat a hotdog . . . gross . .  he is so drunk and annoying . .  trying really hard not to glre @ hi am
hates samanthas guts
@chocoshabi i am going to ask Waldi. I hope he makes a new keyword for me
@sh1mmer ) I can relate to the frustration.I ruined my wp blog many ti ames dyouring updates.They warn you a few ti ames.back the ^$!@# up
http/twitpic.com/4wtom - This day is soo stressful! Geee . .  Lunch was a blast tho! How are you guys  ?    ?  
Huh ,  another ScarePoint coding Sunday
Hockey was so fukin good  Fuck you hole! xD
Sunglasses whores   http/twitpic.com/4wtzj
@fergmaster Sons of bitches ,  why could not they put them on the releases we already bought
hopping in the shower ,   @ricandhislife you can help me tidy my room  it is a shit hole ,  mums fucking friends
@GeminiAngel24 lol ,  my cyourrent mp3 player is a brick. It would be nice to have something sli am
@Rove1974 LOL @ the cards. So very ,  very wrong
@cristinica21 kill her
@n00rtje Thanks i will explain on msn or something :p and I HATE SPIDERS TOO! What happened ,  one attacked you  ?   xD
@sophieamy yer ,  oh that is gay cause u hell need to post more haha so we can talk