i am at work
is done painting all the bedroom fyournityoure ,  I still have to do the table but it will wait until after the move. Uggh moving in the heat
Scary lightning and thunder  i am glad it is over now. Going to sleep ,  I hope i am not late to school tomorow again. Haha
is home.  safely . . .  but hungry
just finished 8 hoyours of Texas Life Insyourance CE tonight ,  22 more hoyours to go
@AnthonyLucas @iainfunnell Yeah ,  physically moving too!  Apparently we  will be reporting directly to Mr. Hayward . . . 
Headin home . . . Refreshed my mind and soul justa lil bit . . . Bac to reality.
@charlieboy808 thanks for the rt and sorry about your new place with the domestics
@kaseypoteet LOL yeah yeah you big perv  Was hoping to see you next week but scrapped plans
@nawid nope  het is LOSTfound he 
@colstewart You are cycling tho '  that is good. Healthy eating  Healthy and eating are a contradiction in terms.
Off work ,  trying to relax for about 30 mins before i have  gotta go back to sleep
@KevinDavis1914   . . .  It was just alriiightt
@ddlovato ,  ahhhhhhh so excited for july 21  ecxept stupid australia will not get it til like decembbberrrrrrrr  but stilll ahhh! congratss.
@ki amberlymdg I had fun tonight!i will leave you with this . . . Brandi Carlile will be in Dallas today.  We should just sneak into the show!
@DHughesy ME! I wanted to go.
@delta_goodrem should updatd her twitter
missed all the awesome weather ,  because she was in a movie!
just got back from school.  SHEMMS!! Summer class has been officially ended.  http/plyourk.com/p/wxsgy
off to my Psychology class.
#thingsmummysaid You need to learn to wash dishes and do laundry because I will not always be here to do them for you. She was right
@redframer123 I think they make you tyourn your phones off i will see what I can do!
@oxygen8705 aww ty! s ' just a bummer watching conversations
Aw. The sky is weeping.
shattered! PWG botched his hybrid dolphin shirt order and sent hi am xl
Done with my drew and jayk handmade gifts now watching old menudo vids
Bout 2 lay iit down ,  got a head ache   @niariley we hangin tomorrow idont care wat u say lol . . soooo dm me your #  i amma hit u tomorrow k 
@trinsgarcia Yeah I`m okay. I couldn`t breathe for like 7 seconds.  I thought I was gonna die. Hahaha
@AroundHarlem that reminds me ,  i need to pick up a mask 2mrw. Thanks  I prefer not to take meds because i will b addicted
on that note - i do not feel missed.
I just want somebody to love ,  and who loves me. I think and day-dream about about that CONSTANTLY.
@melkoo If it is any consolation I got my BMI tested hahaha it says I am obesed  well so much for being unhappy for about 10 minutes.
just fed three very hungry stray kitties three cans or tuna. i hope they stay warm and safe tonight
is finally gotten online after logging 200km over the last two days on errands as the family driver  http/plyourk.com/p/wxz12
Cape Town was spitting all morning - now that i am behind this desk; the sun comes out . . . perfect ti aming
Ahh feels good to have played guitar hero after months! I suck at it now but  haha
Oopsie ,  the origami box I just made looks like a strawberry! should I be allowed to teach  ?  
Happy belated Birthday to Billy!! I forgot to say that on his bday.  I  feel aweful!
can not I just be a stay at home mom already
this sux but took like 4 minutes. going to sleep finally  http/i amg36.i amageshack.us/i amg36/4603/iprevailedsig.png
i am very sorry.
I am soooo  right now!
  . . . not academically of coyourse.  I miss hi am already
Finally installed ovi in mobile. it would have been good if it could be downloaded to comp and installed to mobile. Frickin 3MB download
I feel like flying off somewhere. it is been a month since my last trip . . . 
we are looking forward to daddy retyourning from work on Satyourday. He is been gone a whole month
At least my wish came true ,  it is not hot anymore . . . just rainy
Tucking myself in tonight  Mogwai on repeat
Today is my last official day of Uni! No more balancing uni work with music ! ! ! ! Til october atleast
is gutted to be at work when it is sooo nice outside
@streetkingpin Well my battery just needed a jump . . . and now I gotta pay extra to get my nail fixed
Back at work
@joehhzeh in august with anberlin. they are  not headlining though  and yes there is a perth show
@rms70 ooh how is Milan  ?   i could do with a holiday! Bfoyf is off to Geneva today visiting fam so ive got a weekend on my own
@lavsmohan In my case ,  it is going to be exams showing me a thing or two.  i am very much hopeful about November  ' 09 ,  though.
Working on a newsletter but I would say i have  got a writer is block atm  - take a deep breath and get on with it ,  girl . . . 
@ShelbyRayne no i am doing it in the morning ,  lol. i know i havent slept at all
@jradc Awww . . . gnight.  haha
@adrenalynntoao Hope you feel better! If your alone we can talk until your ready to go to bed . . . i am alone too
just got up ,  smoking a cig and drinking coffee . .  i need to start working on my final project for the univ
Feeling a little under the weather today  got a funny tummy - however ,  the sun is shining and i am at home. Yay!
Just finished work nd now waiting in the freezing cold drinking a mango magic ,  haha FAIL T.T mama ,  wheree are yu   ?   i am cold
@hartluck Oooh but your not coming to Perth  that sucks but you still Rock!
Roommate is sssnoring  And my throat is so dry
Back from London  Now just catching up on all the tv and sleeping all day!
Still soo tired . . not ready to get up for the day . . . work again
@BexieLady I feel for you ,  that sounds like how Kiya was last night  all I can say is get comfy on the couch and enjoy the cuddles!
VERY upset . . .   Mom is in the hospital
just in i amagination
Losing makeup bags is TRAGIC . . . luckily I keep 4 in diff places but I gotta replace my Bare Escentuals   *  tearrrrrrrr * 
After being down for several hoyours ,  finally my site is back online. Silly DNS setting mistake
Just got up a half hoyour ago . . .  Ugh not much sleep
@ost8doc  Sorry . . . but ,  I bet they are not that bad . . . 
gotta go! bye twitterland!  good night!i will try sleep. so that i will recover easily! still sick!  bye!
@tpgraham the AC tix are actually $20 but the show is sold out.  I would have to get tix through stubhub and pay up to $70.
Finally finished that topic. Quick revision break ,  then on to How far did Heath change the Conservative party  ?  
I guess I am too freaky for followers.
Omfg.lmao.lassetti was right . . .  those bangs did look bad.  lmao
Pas si terrific que a ce twitterrific
Off for a loooong weekend of inlawing . . .    . . .   . . . 
waiting for 5pm to go for a drink with ones out of work because Belinda leaving today  at least the sun is shining for her!
We need to remodel the house and the thoughts of doing it make me kind of ill   He has one way and I have anouther ,  I just want to move. !
TGIF . . .  this short week has been wayyyyyy too long
is HOT. Just done some late spring cleaning! About to settle down with a book i can barely read ,  left my glasses at my mums
Chirstina said shes gunna twitter more  . . . no more partners
@jackiejewel ohh yeahh with the showcase he said his artist will be outta town  so keep me posted as to the next one
i got all my hair cut off ,  it is almost above my ears
Inspection went fine  . . .  they like the house woopee. Would just be nice if it had been this morning so I could have done stuffs today
spray tan = fail on legs and feet. i have  been scrubbing them and feet look better ,  but they looked awful this morning  Everywhere else = ok
@SamWilson1 - sigh
Oh ,  my God . . . . The end of the first coyourse))) do not  believe in it) but ,  yeh ,  so many exams  La-la-la// everything is wonderful ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !
is awake.  Still feeling sick.     But I got the blog done at least. http/plyourk.com/p/x17t9
Glad to see the sun out in Dublin after a great week in London. Back to work
1:13 finished essay! off to sleep ,  busy day tmr
Last day for oyour professional interns
had a shit contact with both parents .  grrr
Moment of truth!! i am nervous for her!
Nothings better than having to take a cold shower in the morning
Finally it is Friday! Things are going to be so different starting next week . . . my house will be empty!
My last full day in NY  but can not wait to go to Seattle and La la land
it is Friday ,  but not the most pleasant ones  waaaaaay to much work . . . 
@grizzlycullen it was days yesterday and probably today that I wish I had taken the top off my jeep.  I need help haha. it is FRICKEN HOT
@HAZEL: Ok it is suppose 2b followfriday not unfollow Friday  aw well I have nice tweeters anyway! -almost doesnt sound right . . . lol
@pmayroy cause i was not there!
On a flight home  after an awesome trip with my cousin! Miss you sophia
Had a blood test today.   was not too bad really. Needed to dash 2 Starbucks after to revive my spirit is with a nice Iced latte  a bun.Yum!
@handlewithcare  Nice start to the holiday!
No one talk to me anymore on here
Dont worry babe
@rachaely57 Yes! Haha and then when he i ampaled hi amself with the crossed keys!  Love Scottish-trying-to-be-Irish Ewan McGregor
Off to work
is thinking WOW I syourvived Freshman year . . . Mission Accomplished . . . Now Sophomore year
My son had syourgery yesterday so mommy and son ti ame will not be as long today
@VAustralia flew Brisbane - Lax today.  Great flight.  Love the lights.  Shame about one drink li amit though!
Just chillin '  . .  i am a bit bored boohoo  !
@dooce I do not . I hope it takes them a good long while to recover.
Managed to finally get through to someone who had left a message earlier today. Old dog already put to sleep
Finished Breaking Dawn last night. I managed to finish those 800 pages in 3 days. It was so good! i am sad that i am done w/ Twilight Saga
This week flew by.  Want to go see Up soooo badly this weekend!
@robgokeemusic shopping is therapuetic and i am all about bettering myself . . .  i need financing for my therapy however
has been playing Guitar hero to let of some steam . .   you see . .  Mr Unreliable has striked again!  not funny
@DAC1MM do not  know yet . .  no word . . .    hopeful though!! and some good stuff happening lately so i am getting excited!
@VarrenAKABabyV oh no not difficult. it is just nuts that is how you have to market yourselves on home tyourf
@Novaw0lf damnit i didn ' t  but neither did you so win!
ti ame for work!
@Pichu Crap. Now you have to cover the whole pyourse with those so it looks like a pattern.
@MareBear2534 I know dude ,  i am doing re-runs ,  making Jenny watch them now too so we can have conversations LOL.  have notbeen online much
@unmarketing boo i am a week late  how long u in town for  ?  
My ipod has taken it is last breath . . .  i am truly devastated. I have lost my public transportation companion
Praise the advantages of todays copy protection: can not run my fresh installed 3D app ,  since the licensing system dont let me.
Going off BC is making me break out.
Has finally finished emulsioning the bathroom. Now for gloss work
Actually i am really missing Fabian  Which is pretty sad since i talked to hi am like . . .  2 hoyours ago! Gosh ti ame flies when you miss someone.
@Ames1103 I think that boat sailed my friend . . .  The few CCO is that had them ,  had them months ago . . .   I wish you luck though . . . 
@TheMakeupSnob I know   It was worth a shot ,  though!
@brainstuck hey! chutti was very tiring . .  and have to travel again tomo  how was your Friday  ?  
Walking the puppies downtown. Also ,  mystery of missing cat solved: he hid hi amself in the basement for nearly two days.
i am leaving soon for Kansas City to take some of my stuff. Only 8 days of living in Carthage left.
@kellychiello i know  but the weather is clearing and suppose to be nice sat and sun
@kamarichelsea You gave me the inspiration for my last update.
Went to get my car inspection sticker got gigantic red R one. Just keep piling it on. I can take it. do not  worry about me.i will be ok.
ano pa bang aasahan ko sa iyo  ?   you never fail to FAIL me.
The best I could do for proof of the crack  LOL  http/twitpic.com/66ust
home from taking Nick home - a little lighter in pocket after being flashed by a speed camera
heading to Sam Adams Brewery . . .  but can not sample it when I get there
am planning on going to sleep early ,  too tired to do any work
the start of my day was finding a lump on my body . . .  went to the hospital . . .  apparently it is nothing! fewfffff! bloodtests suck . . .   haha
@chenks seen that!  hopefully ebay replacement  will work for you!  but take it to bit is anyway! lol
working my way through this casualties discography.  have to pull weeds later   . . . 
@Deb124 yeah i got your text! well ive only been on summer break for a week ,  and so far it is been boring . . .  all i do is watch tennis matches
is sooo close to finishing her exams  role on monday and i will have my life back.
i told myself i was not gonna cry and then one kid that everyone made fun of all year said it is been a good year
it is Friday! Only 5 more hoyours until i am free! . . . .until tomorrow.  oh well
Finally got to wash my hair! I feel much better now ,  but I gotta dry it  . . .  Effffffort.
moving 11 blocks up the street. goodbye hardwood floors
@clothes_w thank you . . 
Decided I should study  (finger down throat making gaging noises) Hate MFs!!
has just woken up from a power nap. That feels better! Nothing planned for tonight though
I really do not  want a li amo service to take me to the airport  I want hi am to. Ok soft moment . . .  do not  get use to these!
i ran out of facebook quizzes. lol grocery shopping then work. w00t  ?  
Ok ,  shortened yourls are fine and all but ,  please ,  give me more context other than just cool. Not everyone has yourl-auto-expand
@ryansilk sounds like a great idea.  wish I could make it
@JustTeaching haha nice to know i am not alone! Working in the BBC and can not see it
@MorningMajor yep , raced round it in cars and bikes , it is only 40mins away , dont av much motorsport there now , it is more planes n choppers now
is wanting someone to spend her summer evening with whilst she is in such a nice relaxed mood !
@luv_liv_lyf good to hear! Just in ti ame for the weekend.i will be working though
@bethanyshondark Ouch. Better get used to it. I think 22 to 25 are pri ame marriage years.
@thehoodnerd    Ive been dying for those!! They just so expensive in little sizes.
work all day
@Flamenkers I send messages to greg all the ti ame ,  no answer  it is ok I still love o  a ,  goog luck with your move to Erie.
finally some effing internet! i effin need to update the wifi in SG malls. Idk how  i miss dada and craigie . . .  . . 
Thanking god for after elton for allowing me to see the new TW trailer since work blocked youtube and lj
@_HarryKi am OOC:  it is okay.  Maybe oyour schedules will work out soon.
FINALLY-- Now I am me again.  I had to use internet explorer.  Firefox issues   Back to normal Tweeting.
Fighting a migraine   Medication is almost working.
Note to self: Omelets are better when made with butter ,  not olive oil.  Also ,  @layourendanyelle does not like my cooking  *  spit is in a napkin * 
i am a lil sad looks like nomore brooklyn 4 a while WTF @lailashah
@thedrumlife Oh we are friends now  ?   You know you are so up  down with me.  I retract my last statement thennnnnnnn.
this chipotle line is out the door! but I really want it!!
Today is ABA has been full of emotional tears  #ASD #autism some days are harder than others.  it is hard to not intervene  poor baby
Just watched the trailer for the new Sam Rai ami movie ,  Drag me to Hell.  Looks interesting ,  but there was no humor in it.
it is official ,  i am finally getting grey hairs at 36  #fb
last day of Bedford County History with @corriemichael  gossiping and twittering away as usual . . . 
@nick_carter the video is private
@WreckTheLaw Great write up.  Player will not start though
Proof of heat  good day wish I hadn ' t spent most of it in bed  http/twitpic.com/670tp
I am also wasting ti ame til my cab gets here. spamspamspam. Also Keiths motorbike was nicked. WELL shit.
Got my new phone - now to program everything since my old one had no memory card like this one
Today has been a nice positive  fun day  ,  after several weeks of bum days
@Boy_Kill_Boy I know the feeling
@te0h hahah no not that valley. that is cool valley. texas valley. like . . . rio grande valley. ahhaha i wish i lived in california valley
An hoyour of walking in hot weather = a satisfied but hyourting Nellie.  Ow ,  blisters.
@DerrenLitten  ITV plugging the Special a lot. Have a great night all of you ,  will miss your tweets when you come back home
Just got back from lunch and feeling more like a nap is in order than work  But I will press on!
i am soooooo sleeeeepy ! ! !  the last day o '  school was today . . . sniffle . . . 
@srslyjustsayin I saw you stalkerishly from the elevator ,  but Brookie was eating her moracca (  ?  ) So we had to go.
@tsa4string Have fun at the show tonight . . .  wish I could be there
Finally home! Tp tetep ,  kyourang 3BT buat shooting kamis nih! Huaaaa ,  stress gila! Syapa lg ya  ?  
Aaggh!! My blackberry cyourve took a gash in the screen the day AFTER we get invisible shields in stock. Well it  will be a good advertisement
The $500 I saved on not buying a couch is going towards paying my visit to ER for UTI
i am well exited for this weekend ,  partaaaay! although i dont want to go back to school on Tuesday
Crap ,  nearly forgot my PIN  I shouldn ' t try to learn anything new in the futyoure lest it push out more vital information.
At work and really slow for a beautiful day and a Friday.
@AndySquirrel now if I still lived that way you could pop in and see me  but I do not  so you can not
Two more loads and the moving crew is done! Started at 7am and i am done for the day! Too bad the ac does not work in my new place  oh life!
i am such a saddo ,  haha. But that actually makes me really happy. Warrens dead though
Glad it is Friday . . .  but bummed that I am officially working Satyourdays.
@gabbychiquito aww  ok well just let me know what she says hah 3
@chaosofthemind aww  get it when your mom comes back 8D
@KazooCarrieFan I know! I can not go either . . . it is sad  She needs to come back to MI asap ,  haha
@vexdigital  I still love the fact that you can not scratch them ! ! !  That is a winner for me ! ! ! 
jus gt bak nw on msn stil not got a tan  o wel x
@MrQuocHung Chang thay anh online gi ca
@chicodebarge I guess you are responding to me about DC. If that is the case . . . 
@BDEugenio yeah ,  when you start reaching your early-mid-20s
There my laptop is dead  lucky I got my fone lol
Andrew is flight back to CO should be landing soon
@axm9237i will have to wait for the YouTube links
#quit ismokingdiary  5 Weeks tomorrow since giving up YAAAAAAYY ! ! ! !               - I dont want to talk about it
Math was not fun at all. Oh well ,  i get to cook as soon as i get home.
@stevico1 it is so nice i ahd to work today
@nkotblorib Thanks girl ! ! ! !! Like I said ,  i am willing to take a loss on them . . . just do not  want to see them wasted
ti ame to mow the lawn.
@HarleyRodrigue hey Harley ,  I hope you stay around and not let the haters get the best of you!  people suck!
Allies not coming over
@mileycyrus aww if I could ,  I would . . .   GBY 
@vessel2219 of coyourse
i am no longer a sophomore.  Junior year is bringing new things.i will be on 24/7 now. Hit me up and check out  http/bit.ly/esGIQ
@princeofcode Sorry we could not get the projector working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of people came up afterwards and saw it live
almost got in a giant car accident on the 101
sitting at home doing nothing. gonna be like this all weekend
Getting my butt kicked by this project  I have the idea ,  but can not get it perfect.
This weekend. I will be in dallas so no kandy koated around the H
The morning forcast on the radio was partly to mostly cloudy -yay vog-  stay inside and have a HAPPY FRIDAY
I love when i have to byourp but everyti ame i try i almost throw up
i am boooooooored ,  theres nowhere to go
never mind it is closed  sorry Miley
bored out of my mind. I guess i am paying the price for having so much fun yesterday.
@BrooklynDDecker twice  ?   lucky you. i havent even watched it once. just released here today.
@JosephHabedank was gonna DM you but it says you are not following me!    lol  after all i have  done!  hahaha
@mileycyrus I would vote for you Miley but I live in Ireland  You  will be fine  Good luck! Sln!(bye in irish ) Sorcha
@T_Rex_513 i am working all weekend
Ahhh i am sqeaky clean and fresh. Even though i am wearing dirty clothes  I love Two and a Half Men - it is amazing!
Last days of maternity leave
@Yermilla @NafRas 250E ! ! !  CRAZZYYYY ! But just this summer  ! ! !   cuz Ci are very close to RD! 
@dangzombies Yeah I kept rethinking it because noone that I knew would want to go with me lol. So I ended up just didn ' t buy them.
@weatherthastorm hey Jess where is Josh  ?    ?  
My replacement iron ring arrived.  it is shiny.  And a bit more jagged than the original
@teejay41 . . .   that was meeeaaannn. people make mistakes ok  ?  ! lol
@OGVENOE yeah @Erocc and @x_LilJess_x did only ones that care for me
Off to pick up tj from his last full day of school! Only 3 more half days left
@Don_J i soo dont wanna work tmrw!   . . . only on a half day tho so hopefully the sun will stay out for me! Gonna go get showered ,  tweet l8rs
@honorsociety you guys actually rock  why are not you going to eyourope with jb  ?  
@dougiemcfly me too. We are cold pals
Digging in to my soul jazz collection in an attempt to cheer myself up. I think it is working a little.
@SQLChicken Yep! Tail between legs!
wow my trip to tampa has come to an end . . . 
@KnightOnline i think Today it is not possible 2 play KOL
last real seventh hoyour
more packing ,  cleaning ,  and getting shit done. last day in this apartment. this ti ame tomorrow my shit will be in storage
Finally out of school for today! HAD TO SIT IN LIBRARY FOR A LONG Ti amE
Getting oil change. Apparently the mice that have been eating my birdseed in my garage have also been eating my air filter.
is feeling her eyes byourned-fried after 10 hoyours attached to the screen uploading new summer clothing for my store www.Chittypulga.com
@midtowni will teleport it straight to you
Kinda may have chickened out . . . 
@LmdLayoura i am fine. but a bit tired  i am glad that it is weekend now.
@amy_p hahaha I wanted to eat that Chicken
today was busy . .  geez. getting ready then graduation
Listening to  ' Fountain of youth '  by Supastition @i ameem http/x.i ameem.com/KPEQpG7vUY how ive been feeling about music these days
@XavierMathews not sexy with 2 tubes sticking out of my stomach  but thanks !
@MarkHeartofBiz Yeah ,  if I lived on the rez ,  I would already be dead.
yay doctors  now interview then back 2 the doctor is for blood work
last weekday of doing nothing ,  school starts next week ! ! ! 
@hihihammy yeah. becausei will have to go tomorrow morning and get picked up early sunday ,  so i see no reason to go the whole weekend
as of this point I am done. I am not going to waste my ti ame re downloading all my music. I lost 5k songs
About to clean my room
Slowly getting ready for work
@Rachael_Hodges Yup. Their loss.
One is not supposed to have a headache on a Friday. That is just not right.
I like to explain something complicated to someone and get back a response of Sounds good!.  Except when it sounds like I do not  care
Ooooh Kay! it is ti ame for me to stop twitterin and get going . . . 
finally home and enjoying the rest of my day. Azongo and I are having a smoke-fest! woot! #mmot miss my @MorganLeigh321
Ti ame to head back home. My business here is done.
With bff @love_chrissy22 glad she got that dog out of here lol my stomatch hyourts
I had my hair in a messy ponytail all day  I took it out just now and it looks really nice  but still messy
Oh gosh how I want the party to be over and done with already.
not doing relay  oh well.
Officially drugged up and taking a nap. Allergies ain ' t no joke. Never had them this bad since two days ago.
oh my god  at Hollie! That was well sad to watch!  See ,  Si amon can be well nice when he wants to be! lol
i wanna vote for Miley Cyrus for the mtv movie awards . . but i do not  know where i could  somebody could send me a link  ?   thaank you 3
At the vet with a sick dog  http/twitpic.com/67clz
@genglo ouch! I can not even look at that one ,  just knowing it exists it enough for me
Finished up cleaning my desk at least. . . office is looking empty. . .almost ti ame to be in the car for 1 1/2!  #fb
oh my god  i am finally back ! ! ! ! my comp as broken guys  i missed yall ! ! ! !
i am at mcdonalds eating chicken nuggets with my kid so embarrased I droped my soda  haha it fell out of my tray lol
is bak in mcr . . . glad i can sleep in ma own bed 2nite yeyah . . . but i fink i , m missin popeye  hopin 2 c hi am 2moz x
I nvr wanted May to come to an end
Off work in half an hoyour. Getting an MRI after that. Yay me
@wolulcmit @dubow just finished mine ,  some parts were remarkably difficult  cramming kanji now!
Today ,  i did ' t have lunch ,  cuz wel i embarrass my self with all school  ok ,  FINAL TESTS and FINAL YEAR aaaaa! thanx God 4 That friends!
@lasherdemon As much as we would love that ,  it is hard to make ends meet up here  . . .  with the job situations and all . . . 
@ashleytisdale you were great. just awesome. i was crying cuz i wanted to be there so bad
@shelleyellie Aw ,  thanks. Slowly getting over it.  Yep ,  he tweaked his knee late in the third. Basically stood still for the last 2 games.
Hey my twitter friends ,  tho very few ! ! ! !
Finally get to lay down for a bit i have a major headache
@Molltini ok. lol. i miss you too. i hope your cramps get better. i know how painful they can be.
Awwwwwwww man my baby dried up.
poor me ,  JUST going to nap
TODAY IS A GOOD DAY BUT it is COLD
wow ,  i broke my toe today on a stupid piece of concrete!  LAME! job searching then sight seeing with Brittany.
@drewave At least you made it
Happy Friday Dance ,  no rain and i am about outta here . . till 2morrow  I sat the satyourday morning shift ,  but it is still all good
@MrsSeear me too! Yay he got in. And the other kid who cries a lot
Bouta donate blood! Ahhhhh!
@shesbatty what is I/O psy  ?   i am taking psy101 starting this Monday ,  not looking forward to going back to school but
@hippiekat I AM WONDERFULLLL. i went to the ppooool. i forgot my floatiez though
@mfharrison I still have another hoyour.
is cold and wished to go back to bed
http/twitpic.com/67hw5 - Session almost over
Dad asked my why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing ,  and I told hi am it was so I didn ' t byourn my finger ,  as I byournt my finger
Finally ,  I got my teaching load confusion cleared. I will teach 3 third year sections but with a catch.
Jsut F * @#$ % got off work at Carowinds and am DEAD ASS TIRED ! ! ! 
Grrr! My internet will be up and running next Wed  at least now I have a def. Answer!
At least it is Friday . . . working  ' til 10AM
Home from China  back to work
Have to wait till Friday to pick up my Visa for China- not as expedited as I would have hoped ,  but at it is done   #geeksonaplane
@Gernika Had lunch at Bittercreek ,  they were out of Hopnoxious  Had Sweetgrass IPA tho ,  so all is still right in the world.
i am a senior. I should of been already.
@Applecored it is like a little adventyoure ,  only i am kinda worried about her ,  and I cant take the bus to where she is cos my oyster is broken
@AustinWise Part of an AR-15. Actually the only part of one that qualifies as a gun. You have to be 21 to buy them without parts on them.
@aduquette I know. it is not hard to NOT click reply.  Sorry to hear about the possible stomach condition  Sucks to deal with.
Cough drops taste gross . . . blaaaqhhh
@nilsipilsifan Hehe. Yeah ,  me too.  or I would totally write it. XD
@frankietee 4th . . .  Please not! Maybe she  will get 3 attempts and win tomorrow!!
to be really really . . .  not bored but bad ,  i will not now the news  but thats ok. BRB x
Is getting excited for the weekend . . .  . . . Or ,  hang on ,  i am going to be all alone   never mind ,  excitement lost
@DAEONE haha wtf is that! You do not  want me to leave
great. more rain
i say business ive only sold 2 . . . and it is not RL money   . . . but it is got me back into photoshop again
made it into leadership ,  buttt i am still not happy! how can i enjoy it without my best friend  ?  
Been so busy for the entire week. Be able to take a breath next Tuesday
@josefamanriquez and yet i couldnt get a pic it wasnt allowed ,  then i won passes to their carpet of the 3d premiere no pic still wit them
My uncle is not coming after all
Just got done with my first day of work and is exsausted ,  sweaty ,  and chalky.
is sooo tired and too busy to tweet  i am glad the weekend is here . . .  yay 4 day-weekend
@James_Waters WAS until I had to go home  ' cause the presentation ended  x
@mops_beyond I told you people in indiana were batshit. I lived there ,  after all. I feel like I escaped from that Orwell book everyday . . . 
@georgiaface Let the Right One In  ?   Aparently Drag Me to Hell also has some horrible cat nastiness
on my way to get some Maggie Moos Peanut Butter Galaxy ,  then home! thank god this week is done. 4 meetings in 1 day ! ! ! !
Finally got my lil monster off my hands so I could run errands and now I gotta do them in the rain ! ! ! 
Always get my hopes up too soon . . . we were soooo close
@xplode hahaha wow thanks bud :p but my plan is to pretend it is a costume . . .  I wish it were cold so i could wear a sweatshirt over this
Is heading home from foot syourgery and wishing she had a boyfriend to come over and cuddle with
@_micster  How the hell does your hair not fall out constantly  ?  
The VP is gone . . . so why am I getting a headache  ?      Ti ame to have some coffee and fight it off. #migraine #ohnoyoudidnt
@rbmartin oh it just takes me after i sign in to an error page
http/twitpic.com/67mj4 - Yes ,  it is nice. Oh and Kevin is shirtless too but you do not  see it as well
@enthropologie It didn ' t rain.  Lightly misted though.
@tinydeww I found out this morning too.
@DirtyCucumber Me too
off work yesss ! super hungry
@danabaker Thanks hon. #Migraine went away then came back.
home after a while out! i feel like a long skate seshion but got arrands to do
Ratings Army Wives  teary; Cri aminal Minds Yikes! Cri aminal Intent takes all sorts. real life news  horrifying ok me for bed nite all
@natalidelconte i didn ' t get to chat!   .  oh well.  ti ame to eat a praline.
@vestybaby I went to Chicago for a few days and was twitterless while I was there
Browsing through the web. And expecting to see the PMS forum back up ,  but no luck
@Katiff are you feeling better  ?   sorry you are feeling under!
Mom just he would me.  *  sigh *  She is wonderful ,  and it was just a slip ,  but you would think after coming with for my syourgery it might go away . . . 
@yesit isfiasco cool! ok yeah see i dont have the old files with separate vocals so i am trying to punch em all up as one track(all i can do)
also finally home with no friends or anyone . .  kinda nice to sit in a quiet room . .  do wish the gf was here tho . . . 
@JonathanRKnight I feel for you  I hope it is a smooth flight. Be safe! Mucho amor from Boston!
@flossa  have a glass of cold water and meditate a bit. 3
@KirkDunst not cool.   Hope you feel better. I went up there for breakfast buy you were gone.
YES!  I have my e-mail down to one window (most of which are marked for follow-up on Monday).  all the dang paper still here tho
Finally got a date for the bonfire tonight. Kinda last option but whatever. None of the chicks I wanted to go with never texted me back
bbq was great . . .  just relaxing around the house!  dont wanna leave my city but have to tomorrow . . .  got to clean the house when i get back
no so sad about that  i am from MALTA have you heard about it   ?  
is  wishing work was done soon  3
Is helping out at chyourch pianos +stairs+gravity= heavy
so ready to go home
my 43 quid lastminute.com Secret hotel at heathrow is syourprisingly nice. No soap tho
Just realized it is friday and b/c of a party I do not  get to go racing.
@Jasiyourl YAEH! THANK GOD i am HOME! . . . it suekd and we were kicked out of a chyourch.
K ,  just finished my last 2 clients for the night. Going home alone  Thats ok I need to be alone ,  must find inner peace.
white pointy shoes haha ,  and ah you got me excited about the new drummer  youre mean
@tatianafrosario oh my god  wow  I hope everything is ok now
@DizzyMalfoy ouchie  Did u take some Excedrine  ?   Thats the ONLY thing that kills my headaches FAST!
@sheelovewood aaaau thanks gi   ,  I really really love u.Thanks for being a really great friend.And forgiveme if i leave you someti ame ,    ?  
Hubby needs a vacation  Thank God we are leaving for Myrtle Beach in a week!
@mitchelmusso WISH YOU COULD CALLL ME  DO U HAVE A UK MY SAY NOW NUMBER  ?   your ACCCE! X
@JPuno Good to see you back. Sorry that happened to you
i am glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! I failed  i got 70 % 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
Oh.  The voting is over!   But do not  worry ,  I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 ti ames earlier ! ! !  ! ! !   3
sitting at home cuz my plans for tonight cancled  but they are on for tomo so that makes me happy  ctc or txt me!
My best mate found out that I am moving. She does not understand I wanna do something with my life; Leaving to go to Uni . . 
@eric_extacy lol i know eric ,  i wont delete you! just people i dont really know and never talk. and bands
@MitaliandMe thanks for trying
Cleaned out my Followers List and blocked the porn girls  Crap Now I look like a spammer
I hate not getting e-mail is  going to do other stuff now . . . ice my toe (long story) and have some calpol (cold ) soooo night
Back home after a funeral for my wife is grandfather today.  Now it is ti ame for homework
of coyourse i am almost there and theres traffic
i am all stuffted up but I gotta gets up  go netball
Ugh.  Las #vegas airport is at a ground stop which means i am stuck in the plane on the tarmac (again) at LAX.
@alexpatterson we will not be in town  email me if there is another one though.
Just got out of work
@SuperNinjaMax noooooooooo my parrents found my stash
@LisaSpangenberg sadly @Dawno is not me. it is some1 w/ 1 follower 1 update  hasn ' t used Twitter since May 1 ,   ' 07  I wanted that name ,  too
@_everblue She actually posted again to say that it was the 2nd and not the 4th ,  so nevermind.
Standing ovation for Wieters. Nobody was sitting down. Insane. Hit into double play though
At natalies just finished work. Had the most AMAZING peanut butter sandwhich EVER. 3333 I miss your faceeee
moved the first load of stuff into @cjloe is garage for storage . .  now for round two . .    me and guys move into oyour new place on Monday!
super frustrated ,  and taking it out on the one is I love!   I love you ,  Paul!
i was so bored i decided to iron all my baju sklh. thn i realized i hate doing tht. so all i did was iron a sleeve HAHAHA. i am off to schl
@strawbleu Sounds like a useful tip ,  I most certainly need some stability after this week
I need words of inspiration  where is @iamdiddy and @RevRunWisdom when you need them  ?    ?  
Setting up bookmarks on my new Blackberry Cyourve. Now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anyti ame!
Sushi w/ @ryan888 well cooked veggie for preggo me  now onto Trolley Car birthday party on McKinney Ave. I actially feel awake for once!
Drew is new songs make me cry.  I miss Thomas already!
@showti ame757 I wanna go
hooome from work. why am i awake still  ?   up in 5 hoyours
@vasilly thanks.  i am self so I do not  see the my Account area. i will have to dig deeper it seems
i hate my presentation  hahah whatever i am glad it is over
Made it to Wisconsin . . .  Now off to Golden Corral again! dang! lol we missed the graduation! tho  Dang!
@JanuaryParker hey they do have that  but these never bothered me before.
@Hockeyvampiress glad you have a squeee moment good for you-- I just got bills in the mail
been working all day ,  finally relaxing!! i miss you
@Charified sadly ,  I do not    hehe
@dopeqyourlbree Awww  You  will Be Fine . . . 
Mosque and mini-golf! haha I tied for 1st. It looks like the Yankees are not playing tonight   buti will just play Fifa! ~Zade~
Am now a member of International Thespian Society Troupe #6492!! Now if I can only make my family stop fighting . . . sigh
@PassionMD hahahaha! i have notbeen out with my friends since sunday! i am so lame
@skodyouri I SLEPT THROUGH MY ALARMS  woke up at 6 instead of 4  i feel like a complete tool
screw it lemme click on a ticket. preetttty syoure i can make it. might not make it for vermillion lies opening tho
@jmallen1012 aww i am sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there is a bug on you in colorado
@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month earlier than we do. booo
No more high school . . . 
@deuhlig thanks for sharing
Thank god camera fixed it iself. I want a new ipod
finally gone ! ! ! 
@geoffsays Thanks for the link Geoff
@gerdiend Woman!!  hope you have a relaxing monday as I have ,  cu later on this sunny monday @westerkerk
@brittannyy14 yea i know right! i love that song!
You will not believe how long this took to achieve . . .  Still all done and my car is happy again  - Photo: http/bkite.com/0783l
it is my bday ! ! !  i am gettin older!
Hey Dubbo RSL tyourkey roast circa 1995. Know it is been a while ,  just wanted to let you know I still think about you from ti ame to ti ame
Enjoyed the Waller reunion very much! The Wallers are back in town
ohh. i didnt double tweet a while ago ,  did i  ?   now i did.
just woke up ,  no school today ,  we are free
True to form ,  Bank Holiday Monday looks like it might be rainy. Hope it holds off til later ,  familyfriends plan walk and picnic today
@MODELCHiCK2 thank u soooooo much lil mama xoxo
Not really  but it is work so yea kinda
@jkreeftmeijer Yup theory is GREAT but the reality is beyond i amagination . . .   I also made the same planning not knowing VS will FAIL on me
@vene2ia Thanks!  I am doing good . . .  Did you read any of my blog posts  ?  
#musicmonday Nicest Thing from Kate Nash
@shaundiviney THATS BETTER! lol
i am excited for the things for Jay is room to arrive
Cuba trip booked
@Abbie12 Thanks! Welcome back!
@Ryani amay Welcome home!  Glad you made it home safe!
i finished new moon  in 1 day all up. maybe less ,  i am quite proud ,  now who wants to lend me eclipse haha
just got back from the long weekend
Hello  Back to work today after a week of vacation !
@roynuj thank you  Feel much more relaxed now that everything is not as scary as in the beginning
Just finished studying for Abnormal Psychology. Eek. I still have two more days.i will do more than fine
@LadyAnne525 It will give me lulz from ti ame to ti ame.
@pokr thanks for the retweet  poker is the best card game on earth
Ah ,  the bank holiday shift at work. What fun
Wrapped up some html/java work now spending the night dabbling in some flash intros
i have  been slacking on the blips . . .  but a nice mellow one before I go to sleep.    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jcfo
@prieyourdp awesome . . .  let us know how the cloud setup goes ,  i am very keen on trying it myself as well
@zombiegrrl99 thanks ,  i feel a lot better now . .  but it hyourt like hell ! ! !   good luck with the lousy student writing.
chillin with the neighbor
But on the bright side . . . no school
@bbrooke yeah syourrrrrously. we win
woo well done nadine
@interpunkt wow that was easy! Thank you
bed ti ame! night yall!
@cherylberyls okaaayyyyy . . .  that was very informative.  proves that digestion does not take place in the throat i guess.
I proudly declare that i no longer haf  ' live fish '  phobia. Lol. I love em fishies . . 
@prayagn I think we have it pretty much figyoured out. @adawada added a box in the Helsinki group where you can see the tweets
Ill have a photo up tomorrow! Kay
no school today ,  teacher cancelled the lesson  chillin ' 
Eh ,  i have  gotta go to bed anyways. Goodnight.
Monday morning lying in bed instead of working is great ,  more bank holidays required
Finally sleep ti ame
ok that is a si ample smoke generator  . . .  but works and mae a spot relly more interesting .
it is nice to leave the office when the sun is still up
Also with the not driving part i could afford a laptop. Also living with a roommate i would save even more
just saw an advert for ATTICS TO EDEN on tv  out today and only 9.99 from HMV . . . so i am not syoure why I had to pay 13 at HMV . . . never mind
just made it home ,  ti ame for a shower and some breakie ,  off out to Blackpool later for some lunch
@InLuvwithJON Have you managed to breathe since getting the news  ?  
@amysav83 yeah dropped the bike yesterday.Leg got caught below the engine.bikes not got a mark on it mind   i am trying to avoid stairs lol
@irisush i am glad  i dont have to go out . . . 
likes cheerios and scones in the morning
@allensjk Katie is my Malamute dog ,  as for my weight ,  well i am about 6ft tall and 73kg ,  which is quite good
@thepioneerwoman - Bingley ,  just for that practise-the-proposal scene toward the end. So endearing
Chilling at home
@honeytweets I also believe in some things are meant to happen.
@lrkane LOL! No worries  You wanna take care of tickets  ?   I can do a $$ EFT or whatever . . . 
This may sound stupid . . .  but i just bought a mask
@sickophantikmnd now i am done! good nite
@TangeloFlavored and no I didn ' t byourn the eggs.  We had a blast and the food was great all weekend. We had an awesome carne asada too.
Working on my resume while listening to the rain and enjoying a Circus Boy
is soooo over school . . . maybe sick . . all week  *  evil laugh * 
@squeakmouse73 praying to be humble is always dangerous ,  He will answer you  (God gives grace  . . . )
@staceeeeee goodnight Cuppycake  hope you have a good day and do not  feel so blah! Oo
@AmyatQ13 Amy did u already check out the antics of Parella and Marcia  ?   @ParellaLewis @madnewschick news . . .  and entertainment on Twitter
thank god i havent quit my day job  ps. tyourning 27 tomorrow. i just round up to 30 now.
back from the city . . .  breakfast ti ame
should be coming out of hospital today
is having a well-deserved break today . . NO PHONE CALLS ,  NO EMAILS . . only plenty of catch up movies to doooooo
Heading to bed. I thinki will read for a bit ,  propped up on fluffy pillows.
@angryfeet Ooh that is good . . .  will wait a little bit to see how the money/job situation goes but thanks for that
grubs up  so nice being cooked for ,  I feel like a princess every ti ame
@CheeseIsYellow That is alright ,  I forgive you. As long as you do not  ship harry/ron or harry/snape then we are cool. Mu otp is Sirius/remus
it is fun
@ji ammymarsh617 I was there in spirit Ji ammy. Glad it went well
it is relaxing ti ame . . a movie and some treats
watching Please Twins.  gonna make some Iced Tea :-bd
@LucyKD DSi is the latest Nintendo DS with 2 cameras + stuff built in. We are a Gadget house. Luckily I get my blackberrys free from work
done with the exams. oh my. such a nerve-wracking experience! passed it ,  though.
@petabridges I do my humble best  Going on a works paintball day soon so that should fuel a few strips ,  no doubt
@fairuzrani hehehe hello ! ! !  how are you  ?   good to see you on twitter!!
@markyboosh had to many weirdos on the other one
is back at working auditing away ,  ti ame to make the hard decisions and be happy
@floyduk just relax like it is or translated to swedish too  ?   Just got to take a look at my next comment
@savii313 I am twittering ,  LIKE A BOSS. Thanks Savvv
@cherrylipstain hello nikki! i just ended my exams 2 hoyours ago!  how abt u  ?  
Bank Holiday Bliss - Jeremy Kyle ,  without even bothering the Sky+
@nnaa the rain was pretty nice. I only have 150 meters of cobbles on my way here
Going to sleep with Horton.  Goodnight ,  Twitterverse 3
@HandymanTrainer Actually because of the several updates you have daily ,  I find them all interesting and informative. Keep posting.
@Rove1974 If you mention this twitter group to your followers I would be very grateful
Nope ,  thank God ,  not on Air . . .   it is a REAL application ,  compiled code . . . 
Do me a favoyour ,  tell me what you think about me
bought beer today
Streamyx is pretty fine here ,  downloading Heroes and Smallville and also a movie.i will still call it screwmyx though   // cool http  . . . 
re-reading 6th Harry Potter ,  did dishes ,  mended a cushion on the patio sofa ,   fixed one of the outdoor barstools. An accomplished Sunday
Morning world! back to the office after longgggggggg weekend
Yay! I finally made sales at the gallery; Really helps when the artists are there
@statkallday yessssssir!!
cooked chicken soup for the rainy weather
@rosehwang U R happiness pollinator 4 shizzle.   Good friend you are . .  I am smiling!
i am entering a two month study/exam period.  Which is awesome. - See you on the flip side
1/2 day tomorrow  carla coming over after school.
@Edna92 you did just add me haha  xo
is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed for a Monday evening . . .   oh wait . .   that is just wine before dinner . . . 
i just woke up and remembered theres no school ! ! !  life is goodx
@Mennard it is because I put radio 4 on by mistake . . I  will have a cup of tea and a shower ,  then i am syoure all will fine and dandy ,  thanks
@pjaficionado Ahhh!  OK ,  remember the film now.  Never saw it though ,  will have to check it out. Thanks
@butterflykate Oh ok . . we are supposed to be going to see Star Trek on Sun for Daves b/day . . . at least it is not Shatner
@nannynick Ok then have a good day
thanks to @ranukka and i am now on twitter!
end of work . . .  Thank God! I accomplished a number of things . . .   http/plyourk.com/p/rpaag
@Emmmaa___ haha i am gonna follow my dreams now  well . . . your dream haha i am still reading over it for the 90th ti ame  :p
@Galiiit lol thanx ,  me too!
On way back home after a crazy night on the coast
@ChloeCazRhi  glad your feeling abit better!  I think mine might be nearly gone now xD
i am back online!
@pinkmango77 vll iwas mit kse
done with facebook. off to jamlegend
should have started working on this lectyoure MUCH earlier  using tag clouds from google news to explain basics of content analysis . . . 
@louis_educator Thanks. Photos look great -i will comment them asap
Thank God @aravindkumar is a sport and doesnt take offence in my jokes  Unlike the three good friends who have stopped talking to me!
i am going to open up PROVERBS and get as much wisdom as possible-i am hungry!
checking iDestroy sales . . .  sales are good
just finished the exam. I did ok ,  I guess.
Slept like a log last night ,  now i am full of energy
@woodsci aman ahh but someti ames that is the best kind of day ,  lazing around doing very little with a cuppa
Afternoon from office  My cubicle has been moved but not the system yippie! Mine is one of te few syourviving good system . . 
Still wide awake . . .  fortunately I do not  have to be up early.
Chilling out . . . now the boys have gone  Ti ame To Relax
Having a cup of tea
national starwars day today- may the foyourth be with you
finished watching the movie  ' mirrors ' . I liked it but it really didnt do anything for me  5 out of ten i give it   // cool http/g  . . . 
@snw well then you can do what you want and not what visitors want you to find out : can be a +
@DHughesy Congrats Hughesy to you and Holly on the safe arrival of Rafferty David Hughes! Hope all is well  xoxo
@smashingmag No worries
morning all ,  i am off to sell 1.3 million quids worth of pproperty ,  well ,  i hope to ,  if i do i owe you all a drink on my commission
@hanaames Ah good. Glad to be useful.
@theroughguide at least I have an ironed shirt and i am not really shockable.  hope you have a good day.
Son is gluten free birthday cake done.  http/twitpic.com/4jbwy
@tdes Thanks for asking ,  Sarah  I am glad tomorrow (5th) is a holiday here in Korea. I will have some rest and I will be right as rain.
@bexiclepop cambs will be better i am syoure! eeeeeeeeee under a week now  we meeting on the Sunday  ?  
Dow futyoures up 60 points in over night trading. Looks like May is off to a good start so far  /f
Enjoying afternoon tea with my friends . .  Cake delicacies equal sweet ti ame
Only 8 oral left!  then I have to learn them all but oh welllll ,  at least I do not  have to write them
@Dannymcfly i am the one that kept touching your willy last night  oh you were amazing ,  thank you so much! x
@DHughesy so make the most of it  enjoy
@mkari am thanks for the #followfriday as you can see us South Africans were on holiday on fri
i am a good girl . . . ALL work is done
@johnmcginn Hi John! Thanks for sharing that quote! it is soo true
@babydestiny24 thanks i will check those out.
Finally in my bed ,   I must say ,  I had quite an evening. i am ready to tackle this work week  see what next weekend has in store for me
@xanderprod glad you liked the gmail add-on too. We visual people like the asthetics to be right do not  we.
my body isnt itching anymore
@twilightfairy ah well diff in opinion ,  no problemo
On the way to sthlm - it will maybe be a movie   // cool http/gykd.net
@scaree  I hope today just flows through and lots of nice things happen at work so you come home happy
@chris_CLP i heard 88db is better for mixing down . . . especially  if you use 808 sounds
didn ' t twitter much yesterday.apologizes for not responding , goodnight
is back in fine old melboyourne town . . . 
it is Like That (and that is the way it is) - Run DMC    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jgvk
installing dvt card for loonix ,  fingers crossed ,  I hope it tyourns out as well as my android upgrade
Just up  the longest lie in a while thank goodness ,  neck still painful but today i am going to head out (y)!
@kaushal Thanks man  glad u liked it
@chuckdarw1n whew! thassa relief
@KADENMCNEIL - try thinking of something calm and peaceful ,  such as relaxing on the beach.
@thorsonb well . .  i dont have to do any resit is . . .  lol . . .  so it is MY last exam
new Delerium is music video (http/tr.i am/kpu3). mixed by Tiesto. i guess Bill Leeb finally forgot his music is roots
http/twitpic.com/4jccd - and also these hi top Reeboks.  cause i can
yaaayyy !  no work today
done with the dentist until November
May the 4th be with you  (via @matthew858) Thanks. I get it now. And it is awesome.
http/twitpic.com/4jcfg - About to cycle within this quarry on Shipley glen near Baildon moor before heading back through the woods
Done! Finally . .  Yay . .  Now I can relax for . .  Well one day ;D haha . . 
@WatariGoro Yep. I hope my lame attempt with the spaces helped me to hinder them ,  lol. I know tomorrow I guess.
@suziperry Yay good for both of you. Enjoy the break - you probably need it after such hectic weekend  Take care hun
@tankianann it actually is  According to all the retweets ,  at least!
@lharp @franto it is an app to finally face the truth: you lack ti ame ,  and never be able to achieve all your goals in life  ?  
@Andreaheartscgh ooo thanks for the danger radio link  loves it . . . how did the test go  ?  
@boffy my sympathies - been here 20 minutes and had enough - will escape soon
@heyuguysblog No I have nothad chance to watch that yet . . . going to have to get hold of it.   Thanks for the tip.
@LifesavvyChic I appreciate your kind words. I am glad that the words resonate with you
It worked. Cool AND the gang!
@tialebott haha you are just as bad as I am . . .  Well perhaps a little less retarded . I am attempting to knit myself gloves this winter
Handed in. Can relax a bit now.
is finally starting her assignments
@DD_Lovato Never been better thanks  what are you up to  ?  
@ShropshirePixie i have  got some of those I used to use on my OES.  Good for the wrist muscles though
chillin an havin a drink
@redvers i have  been quite lucky this weekend . . .  Slight headache here n there ,  but nothing incapacitating  yay me! Poor Carol tho . . . 
@shadowdealer I did  For Thyoursday
Watching Ladyhawke on channel 4  most likely to stay in bed all day
Typical overcast bank holiday Monday ,  glad we went to the beach on Satyourday
@cbedon thanks alot. Hope you can help spread the word and get people involved. We are already making a real difference
@julierockaholic well she likes it so i call it a SUCCESS
ha ,  the first request for sending a paper copy of my thesis
@themaineman ooo enjoy  and thanks for looking out for oyours
Think Big! The size of your thinking determines the size of your results Bob Proctor is great advice      http/www.wealthwithsoul.com
midday and a half ,  ti ame for lunch
Awake and almost recovered from my Brother is Wedding at the Weekend
@Peulo I already did . . 
@gothtart congratulations ,  you two are so well suited   have a lovely day x
@Daniella001 thanks for agreeing with me
@kiwikatnz Yay to being smokefree! Well done.
home from school today
Back from the Gym ,  and sorting through my Inboxes
My mom likes Milow is version of Ayo Technology . . .  it is a good thing she does not have a clue what it is about.
@missgiggly Go the bubble bath ! ! !   Always relaxing . . .  . . . 
No school today - Not because of H1N1 ,  but because a natyoural gas line broke on the interstate. RIDICULOUSNESS.
@nezua that blip is NOT to be misconstrued as qs on last night is convo . . .  it is just a song i really love  that rocks my morning
Birthday Girl   ?    blessed to live another year  celebrate with loved ones
My new design portfolio is finally online: http/www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it is ok for now , 
Is on her way home bk to civilisation. Got my ipod bak  carnt wait for home x
is working.   I am so happy my job is a radio and not anything physically exhausting . . . 
@mmWine Lucky you  I face south so I can hear them ,  and see them reflected off Phillips Point
@MandyyJirou red eye huh  ?     yikes . . . get back safe   missin ya punk
@varunshridhar Lets leave the nervousness until tomorrow!
@GregorBenjamin yeah ,  nothing like the heat of home.
yay my research paper is finally 4 and a half pages3 not going on bus was not bad after all
@youcanknowgod thanks man. I really appreciate the kind words
@i amagined learn learn! . . .  we can learn together!
@AlanCarr hmm Have to admit was a good episode and his man bag was rather fetching
@jeffmello I did sales training for a couple of the papers. They paid my bills for a bit.
@DinaRoberts thanks
Alhamdulillah PFP exam was alright~ it is Strategic Management ti ame!
gunna spend today with my sexy best friend
@gingerying if you decide to take a break on your paper . . the link is a perf-choreo ,  cutecheesey but enjoyable   http/tinyyourl.com/ddnqv5
@tintinex Morning  Glad to hear about your happy news!
[Wrong!] @anambanana thanx  your THE awesome! http/tinyyourl.com/ddqpoa
Another nice day again! Working in Goderich today so I can walk  enjoy the weather
ah! A clean house . . . finally ,  so nice
Up and around a little earlier than I wanted to be (phone rang 50 AM).  Exercise is a good way to start the day ,  right  ?  
@MattCohenIII it could be worse  so u usually a nite owl  ?  
@Pearl57 welcome back. my monday tyourned out ok. hope yours does too  xox
FLOODED OUT OF MY HOUSE   ! ! !  Staying with someone in town unless the water stops rising  i may use it as a homework excuse
@kate38381849 haha it is ok. i really do not  like getting to other businesses so it is Ok , 
@marika75 music-habit is -i will join your study
@AndyACB yes not for putting inside anything else
is going to finish his last assignment. THEN GO TO BED.
@AirheadUK washing off ,  comp was great . . more people and FAB atmosphere. 1st in dist. and 2nd in exp. sess.
Cool music collection ,  can be used for non-intrusive background music - music from keygens!   http/www.keygenmusic.net
Going to be buckling down this week. So ,  relief for my twitter followers from my inanity. Enjoy my silence.
Off to class  . . .  Longggg day
@Danielle_Jane14 okay well then now i do not  feel so bad lmao
@iaindodsworth Ha ,  yea you are so not allowed days of rest ,  way too many interesting ideas to incorporate into tweetdeck
@Sunshineliron that was awesome!!
i am a bit happier now. Found a bit of motivation in Physics. I know I will not do well for the paper but at least i have  started revising
I do not  believe it ,  my puppy likes brussels sprouts!
ah just finished making tea for tomorrow night
@rhyanoutrageous thank you
@hasinamin i am the same ,  do not  panic. Big topman
May the Forth be with you . . .  ha yes . . .  Today is my birthday  Star Wars day . . .  are not i lucky you star wars Fans  ?  
Wow ,  I just realized that this is the last month of my school year!
trying to watch lost online very annoying and slow . . . the internet not lost
@hopefulauthor Thank you!
whew finally got in to RC . . 
@kailinnicole you are right about the duckies  thanks for being such a big help with wrapping  writing up!
Happy Monday morning!
finally over my sickness.
@Hooked4Life Sheesh. No crochet  ?   BAH and humbug. And sleep  ?   Um ,  I suppose I will someday
Heading to the U of Utah hospital. Have a great day everyone
well ,  having looked at my bruv is exam ti ametable and french oral exam I feel very fortunate  now to ,  erm ,  digest my morning revision . . . 
nice weather . . looks like it is going to rain here in #Delhi.
@it ischristablack I am so stoked on seeing you with the Jonas Brothers
Going to bed  Goodnight  xox
Very excited about camp ,  loads of people are not but I am thrilled about that fact we get to sleep in tents and roll around in mud
Good Morning! - Coyourt - Crossfit - Bible Study - Someone very special is house  http/tinyyourl.com/cjs668
@martha_s Hope you are getting all your reading done.
In pillow heaven
back from the yoga retreat. I recommend this to everyone
@BeckySmithster  let is hope so
Having a good . . . no great day already  Dr.Miracles feel-it formula really does work!! LOL Hope everyone has a good day as well
@SmittySmiff dude i read that wrong! Haha well good good. Thanks.  but now I agree.
@ShannonLeto The best bike for the best guy! I love the Ducati sound. I think it is unnecessary to ask for a ride ,  isnt it  ?   Nice vid  . . . 
STRESSED AS HELL ( ,  but still syourviving
wellllll ,  I did most of my homework. and i kind of finished with editing. And i am not as tired this morning as I thought I would be
Woken up finally after a long night out ,  tea ,  toast and TV coming up . . . 
@NatFace Ah - yes - that track is also on the compilation ,  with Kenny Rogers
ha english portfolio ! ! !  i finally finshed you  annnd you! comm final. youre half done! whoa 6:44am ti ame for sleeps. night
@parisandparadox do not  worry  just sleep.
@bjds Yeah it did ,  it explained everything
getting ready for my first day at my new job
@katherinewhitby gooooooooood i am not a complete nut case then
@evan Doh ,  from the 1st response i am guessing you ' ve seen it already
@stevencohmer - and yes i like the vids
Recovering from an Italian cruise in the Mediterenean
@tommcfly But it was worth it x.
@chiacy thats much better than the flu syndrome!
Nvd i was sitting on it
I hereby announce that I am . . .  employed! could not be happier ,  Alhamdulillah!
Sleeeeeeeepy . . .  i am off . . .  Goodnight twitterverse!
So finally . .  it is raining in Delhi
sooo glad i am home  floridia was fun!! back in ATL. ti ame to sleep . . . then back up to work ! ! !  constant grind.
@RobPattinson_ I hope filming is going well  i am new to the whole Twilight phenomenon ,  they could not have picked a better vampire!
Off to bed. Only one more day left at school before i get to go on holidays. Yay!! Finally. I am getting sick of school . . .  LOL!
The pushing has started ,  not long before a new #starwarsday baby is born
@mylestones At least it is big enough my 20 month old will not find it and swallow it before the 3 yo and I track it down!
Reinstalled Ubuntu on my laptop ,  this ti ame using ext4; the new filesystem. System boot ti ame ,  from GRUB to full operability: 30 seconds
Sitting in a shadow of the tree in the heart of the city listening to Panic! . . waiting for the bus  thanks , wind , for being so pleasant a  . . . 
Gonna try to get a couple hoyours of sleep. Love going to bed at 9 am. Later Twitter
@MasterSavage everythings fine now
It was worth it
finally off  now the day starts 2 be nice . . . maybe with a nice ending 
Reporting form IIT Delhi : Rains just started here . . Picking up speed . . . Providing welcome relief to all hostels!!
@catdog03 Do I seem brighter  more colorful  ?  
@marteyo ahahaha okay deal  now i only have to snuff hermione out
haha moms back today from a weekend away  ,  her first words ,   '  whys the house so dirty  ?   '  i love life  . . 
A sweat sweat deal  ?   I thought he was sweet . . .  It starts with pronouns ,  and then moves onto spelling Trentles . . 
good evening. enjoying vacation eventhough it is boring.  pray for david cook is brother. rip.
@DanielBedingfld is this a new album  ?    ?   about bloody ti ame too!!
Finally got all 7 overdue books out of the little room and into my now overstuffed back pack!
ti ames for lame school ,  UGH ! ! !  XP Thank God mondays r quick for me
@nsmithmorgan thanks for viewing my portfolio www.wahliao.com i will be updating it someti ames ,  will keep u updated.
bye for now people .
Anyone plan on revolutionizing real estate this week  ?  
it is my birthday today  Running the mile tomorrow ughh. But then choir concert
@wilw phlegmily green house . . .  That was clever ,  but ever sooooooo  . . .  . .  eeeeewwwwww. [more slow clapping] Get well soon.
Artwork for the single is now up  woooot woooot ! ! ! 
@LorenaHeletea Thanks for the well wishes and hope your day is also quite successful
will just take a bath
@preetishenoy good weather reminds me . . I read your post on Sugar cane juice n other things . . This weather calls for some of those things!
By the way one of my goals this year was to forgive people. you have no idea how much has been lifted off my shoulders. i feel better.
not a lonely day after all.
@Iamlegend01 u do not  have school today   ?     ?     ?     ?  
@boldnbright1 Call me when you have ti ame and a good phone  I wanna catch up with you! I love you and miss you.
@jeanniere everythin is great and dandy! Thanks for asking! How are you  ?  
@bradleyspitzer that is called dedication!
@sookyeong i agree with you!
@bigbooty85 I agree!  I like the new pic!
Only a month left of high school! Thank God. I am ready for summer
@dboyd1 Yep. Nothing to worry about.
On way to Birmingham . .  Sewing in the van. Punk.
the end is not as far as the start
Drinking tea and eating choc chip cookies. Going to head to sleep soon! Night all
@crafty Hope it went well! Was rooting for you both from the (not so) comfort(able world) of PhD application form-filling-in x
@Gustavar Having an awesome day  ?   You should . . .  I expect as much out of you  #awesomeupdater
see I told you  i am updating my personal site with lots of goodies check them out as they come http/www.dennisgomez.com
it is only 100 and I am going to BED! Brain can not focus at all . .  Need a fresh new start. I pray that God grants me a fresh tomorrow.
@LemonpiY lol you mite be able to see them on facebook if you have it (and if you add me). Obviously I can not post them on my blog
@LOCALDUDER I appreciate the effort. My skin is much softer than your screen
@dfelteau then how come i am not uber successful  ?    i am not making the same mistakes ,  i am making entirely new ones!
@jrsmith thanks for the follow
is now at school! About to take the ECAs ,  LAME! (Steal from Brennan) Good Job LC and you too Brennan!
finally feel back into swing of things here at work after getting married last week! sigh of relief for no more wedding planning!
@david_bdml big storm here yesterday and last night. But a bright new day this morning here
Headed to drop my lil cuz off at the bus stop! Then it is back to the bed to read my book!  relaXin on my day off.
kid is class is going on field trip today ~ and for once ,  I was smart enough to not volunteer to help!
I have to stop writing in Swedish ori will lose my nice followers. Back on the international track
@Maggiedeephoto Thankfully that face only shows up for photoshoots
@matthew_west and by music I meant awesome Christian artists.
@roryok I suppose it has a certain 80 is charm. I would personally hold out for the motorola 8 track phone. I like my phones chunky
Loves the fact that there is only 5 days of school left
just downloaded the tweet deck . . . look at my and my saviness
My younger sister flies in next week for a two week visit. So blessed to look forward to seeing family members visit.
it appears we found the dog . . . .as we were posting signs with his pictyoure ,  someone else was posting found signs with his pictyoure . . . 
@JC_Live That is what I want. More the better. Bound to be a few bad eggs though ,  but they will soon learn.
@bev_estep I am glad you are getting into your twittering
@TraciKnoppe So far ,  so good. it is still early ,  though!
going to take my sociology exam   and back to bed
@LeelooDogBlog Thanks for all of the awesome tweets LeeLoo ,  glad you enjoyed the weekend.
@Bofu2U Good mornin '  to ya!
@Dreamyeyes Yes , i was red like a lobster for days-cuz i am too pale- but today finally got a nice color ~~
@LeviFig Already fixed that actually
@Nickems that would be great ! ! !   thanks!!
 . .  Starting a new week  Going to the GYM today  Hi to everyone
Came home early from school to catch up on my lack of sleep. Thanks @thebamboozle
@medscholar08 try #fireflight first . . .  female fronted metal is awesome . .    . .   Unbreakable album would be a good start!
I am so excited Rob Thomas is back!
@cakelulu He does not need the shirt for that Jane . . . we just had to suffer another two old eps tonight
@worshiper_7 Wow that is a big list . . . lol. I would be happy if I got half of that done. Now I feel lazy . . . thanks. Just kidding
Is actually feeling awake today
@djEDGE34 WOw ,  that is a lot of work.  I hope today is a day off for you.    i am working as usual.  But ,  getting some playti ame in too.
@jacqueline47 as long as you are not going to melt LOL. Hubby has an umbrella set up to keep hi am dry when he grills
This completes today the 4th of Mays entry. For the new day ,  invite a friend to come along to reflectively in-joy the read   
school for a bit. glad jake got the day off
Finally Ubuntu 9.04 arrived as a disc
what a beautiful day not to got to my first class
Was watching @ti amminchin downstairs  Now getting ready for bed. Piano in the morning.
@alitherunner good. that was the intent.  hopefully others get the same vibe
am chillaxin after a busy BankHoliday ,  Hope everbody had a gd wkend! Holiday in 12 days ! ! !  
@unodeellos where have you been  ?   LOL
I want it NOW . .   finally found what I wanted  . . 
Make syoure u pick up Chrisette Michele is new album EPIPHANY in stores tomorrow May 5th! You will love it! Promise!  Congrats @epiphanygirl
eating maccies
finally seventeen
I can has warm chocolate ,  I is happy now.
@b32 WHEW!  i am just going to focus on family ti ame and more swi am suit shopping for the rest of my vacay! Thanks for the kind words
I just got my leavers do dress ! ! ! !
@kayenchante thanks   got a hold of someone there who knew their stuff . . at last!
Office til around 6 today. Good day yesterday . . . I have a BSc now
is rotting away at her desk. Would ' ve been really down and out but thanks to YL ,  you made my day. You are the best support system - EVER!
Version 2 of oyour live ,  interactive Trans-Siberian ticket planner is launched: http/tinyyourl.com/c5ljwm - it is very cool
My phone works! it is whack. Well good morning. Gonna go eat breakfast with neil before school starts
m still watchin Boston Legal tho it cracks me up 2 ,  scrubs earlier was good  i guess i just like a laugh ! ! ! 
it is weird waking up in my own bed. Slightly comforting ,  but i miss the group. But i am loving using my own pillow again!
@gabbyfek yaaaaaay i get to see you too   looking forward to cupcakes and fun.
Just wants the morning to be over already! In another 5 or 6 hrs. My summer will officially begin  THANK THE JORD!!
@zzybug thankfully it is just a really bad sinus infection. they are  just watching out for me since i have  traveled recently. thanks though
@MsPonita 9 more week! July 8th. Flolloping just perfectly describes the way she moves my belly  hehe
@kapilb oh optician! how did i not think of that. thanks
@pricelessrock i am doing good. i enjoy the rain  i hope you are well too.
The rain outside motivates me to sleep.
@petethevet Thanks!
says Finally ,  i am home.  http/plyourk.com/p/rr121
@ash2good99 yay were all saved! Weve overcome god again!
@deanomarr That sounds cool! And you are paying - even better
i am glad someone slept with me last night. My doggy  I would take a pictyoure but I do not  see my laptop.
@MsMandyMay Awesome pics! it is a nice way to start the week
Gettin check outta school cause i am siccck. Goin to pick up ji ambbbbo.
I wash my dishes Like a boss!! LOL
@subtleserpent i am fine - day off actually so relaxing with laptop. have notdone a single other thing yet.
@wendyyoung Damn. She got it on the first try.
@sea_breez Yer please do! Have a good day!
Worked out for about an hoyour . .  nothing to hardcore. Sitting in Starbucks waiting to start work
@missyIbee Not a problem at all sis - respect due
got tickets to go with dad and his girlfriend to see Eric Clapton ,  Steve Winwood ,  and the Arc Angels on June 24th @ Toyota Center! WOO!
@khorshid I hope to see you soon again
ohay clean teeth
Finally picked up some handwraps ,  but struggling to wrap my stronger hand with the other! Defo should have got some a lot sooner though
Feeling pretty good this morning! Lets hope it lasts through the day
listening to dave barnes ,  getting really excited for junior senior
@joshsharp  *  phew *   Will make a note in case anyone else runs into the same issue
@thegirlRiot there is nothing wrong with having a quiet day . . .  it gives you more ti ame to listen
@THEDIAMONDCOACH  Hey my friend need some inspiration . . .   no one can do it like you . .  @deadplaygroud   Thanks
workin a long day today . . .  hopefully i can make some good tips
Just got confirmed that it is pizza-ti ame with some ex co-workers on friday . . . looking forward to it
@SuzyDaFloozy we dont have the points yet ,  was talkedabout it though - first ticket I get in my whole driving career up to date ,  not bad
oh my god ! i am almost done with the last block on this quilt! Just a few hoyours of work left  i can not wait to meet my goal
@techn0crat  . .  IN SWEATERS
YO i am just on the computer
@MonroeOnABudget thanks for the link love yesterday by the way
@0xcafebabe I have notheard anything negative yet. As a former manager used to tell me: If they are  quiet ,  be happy
awake  slept in a little cuz no construction. now studying bio alllll day but i dont mind.
@eeUS I syoure hope so!
Six Flags this weekend  ?   Sounds right!
@amcmoore Have fun ,  hon! Ooh ,  look what a poet I am.
so I slept in a little . . . well a lot. whooops
Is off today and gonna go shopping!! T-minus 22 days til CUUUBA!!
This is going to be a great and productive week - I can just feel it ! ! !   POSITIVE THINKING is the key
@chiacy  Thanks
@RyMartinez Good morning ,  baby  Yes ,  i slept like a rock. Refreshed  ready for anything. How are you  ?    *  hugs you  does not let go *  Miss u
Getting ready for school . . . hope today is a happy and awesome day
@boydhilton Thank you so much for the Retweet  x
home.Going to be a warm day on top of it. Is it Friday yet  ?  
Through to quaterfinals of charity football toyournament. My penalty save sent us through
@lilers at least after this you  will be done!!
@CrystalRain Glad to hear you are okay. Could have really hyourt ,  by the sounds of it. Is the couch okay  ?   lol
I do not  have the fake fascination like i once did before. Cause i no longer have to pretend i like you
i am going to bed  nighttt nighttto ily is
Discovered @AlliWorthington and @whoisTodd are sharing on G reader with me and didn ' t even know it. Sigh . . .  i am such a G reader newb.
Getting some DMs asking where I fell off to the past few days  I was sick ,  but am all better now. I appreciate the concern! Game On!
Has finally mastered the art to uploading a photo on said Twitter. You can no longer assume i am a heffer
Sleeping sounds too good ,  goodnight my babies ,  cuddlez for everyone
@LukePersonified Yay.  I knew you would like them if I shut up about them
@RWAneesa have a safe flight . . . 
I am parked in FS yet no ticket.
@Principled i am grateful that my kids also do not  like them ,  lol.  Textbooks are a tool ,  not the sole means of education
i am Kinda sleepy . .  I Was up too late texting a nice boy making date plans for next weekend . . 
@amandamiller Thanks! We are almost there
@ChaosSmyourf Yes! You do!
@ROBsessedBlog At least he is in breakthrough performance tho. I just wanted hi am nominated in his own category
@MrPointyHead Lol at the VATS on The Insiders
@horsekisser He is an amazing jockey! Saw that Clydesdale commercial too . . loved it!
All new i amplementation of test discovery for unittest. This ti ame in a loader. Good start I think.   http/twyourl.nl/nz8f4y
ready with learnin today ! ! !   . .  and now it is twilight ti ame
@allysont haha. the pic wrong. haha. now the one is then correct.
@dmhome Well ,  in LA is decent weather. Tell me what is happening in the futyoure
Man ,  Monday sucks. What I wouldn ' t give to be a rich beach bum ,  diving in a tropical lagoon every day ,  eating fresh fruit and fish . . . ahhh
@electricbluebrd Aw thank you. I suppose it is a good thing since it means more tweeting.
@Utopia_of_Chas good mornin sunshine . . . at least the work puter will go faster
has almost completed the groundwork for Paper Pile.
@LilzCREATiONS thanx for showin luv
cute girl is finished with ti aming That Fool 1~ editing stage and waiting for spot translation.
@fotogypc What kind of help do you need with Machine embroidery  ?    I may bea able to help
Paid bills. We get water and electricity for another month  Woot.
Just had some 100 calorie Shortbread cookies and a handful of popcorn for breakfast. Think that that will give me some energy
out of office on business . . . needed the get away
FGinished Doinn Fake Tann Sitting Drinknig Coke And Watching Ink Heart
@mikebrinkman Actually ,  the post shows they know what happens when you overflow . . . 
Awh ,  thank you for your nice replies! it is so different ,  it is scary so you ' ve made me feel better!!
@ssherrill115 Thanks! We are still all passing around germs here but we are syourviving.  Have I missed anything  ?  
@MsCityCoutyoure chillin wassup ma  ?    ?   ayo in cali my day just started idk where u r but u have a gud day YA diggg
At school 8am to 7pm ,  then keone chonie is class  have a good day!
@HeavyBank That is the good part about it. YOU do not  HAVE TO KNOW ANYONE!
Just finished first workout on Jillian Michaels 30day making the cut program!  Feeling great  Hopefully the eating will be just as good
@RitasItalianIce Cherry Italian Ice is my fave. I want to get the local Ritas on Twitter so they  will send out the daily flavors.
TextMate crashed for the first ti ame in 3 months. Not too bad actually  #textmate
@islandprincess2 LMAO!! That is so funny!  Thanks for sharing . . . I needed that laugh
Guess who has internet at her house  ?    *  raises hand *  And it is not dial up.
@naeem_coza @strandloper Yep. Live and learn
@Jamie_127 glad you got a laugh out of it
@jessicacolon My son is back at school today - feeling much better. He was not too sick . . . he didn ' t stop eating!
each day is a new beginning
Rain makes for a good study day  almost done!!
@crumcake That is a relief! I feel better knowing it is hereditary.  Have fun!
i have  been eating cheetos all morning . . 
is done with classes for her freshman year.
@jeanettejoy Shanghai is also really exciting (precisely -- skyscrapers galore). Good tweeps in China: @sdweathers (SH) @winserzhao (BJ).
And now the crazy is all gone.
@adamdon lol ,  get to your bed
@vogonpoetry42 At least there is no denying nerd is part of it!
Next to my birthday- Mother is Day is my favorite day of the year.  The one day I do not  feel guilty for slacking just a little.   Aaaahh . . . 
Just got up from a nap . .  Relaxing for the night
walked over 140 blocks today. then ate a delicious black  white cookie.
Someti ames i feel pathetic going to bed so early. Oh well.  i TOTALLY get clam chowder tomorrow! =D
Only six hoyours left of being 15
Eatin nachos watchin the game.!  all i gOtta say is LebrOn is a Beast. ! dO anybOdy feel me.  ?  
Relaxing after a busy week and a tedious Satyourday . . . 
@hellocupcake84 Well i am trying to get rid of a lot of my stuff.  You could come over and pillage.
phew!  made it thru the retyourn of babysitting!
Glad to see @Nigellamb and more Red Bull Air Racers here keeping us in the loop
My three-day weekend starts now.  Was gonna watch Star Trek ,  but opted to go another night instead.
@lyndons think yourself lucky!  I also broke  all my fingers at school when a window sash broke with my fingers like pancakes on the sill
@Ja101 Makes me wish I had dogs instead of cats!
and we are off  to OT !! exciting game like always
Nothing beats spending an evening with my mom
@TheRealKitCat Haha . . . YAY ! ! !  i am CyourED ! ! ! !
@SunnyBuns Haha ,  you didn ' t do anything wrong.
Heading back home with a win!
such a long day ,  heading to bed  . iloveyou 3
Whew . . .  finally home after putting in some hoyours in the lab. Watching Catch Me if You Can and eating cheese and grapes. Good night
@Annaeeee yeah I m so happy for them that they should moved on and out there partying I m so happy
@KatjaPresnal Thanks  #sigjeans
Had to change within 50 miles ,  because within 25 miles were effin '  BORING.
@Medi_Ready What is you are new cite/business about  ?    ?   I would love to hear about it  Doing the same myself actually
@Victoryhawk It depends if you are having fun or not . . . 
@HeatherHAL Thanks Heather ,  glad you like the dish
@harrislacewell You are a dope mom too! Love you too ! ! !  Now stop drinking the mom juice ,  stop twittering and get some rest!
@E315 -. ---    .--. - . . .  .-. --- .- . .  . --   It would be better to hear that then read it ,  but it is a start
@gashead Prowse  ?   I got a Christmas card of hi am last year.   I wish I had the money right now. Saving for an apartment
feels great after solving a minor but long term problem with 3ds max just now!  Maybe I should try ani amating the avatar after all  ?   xD
@princeryan No ,  i am waiting for it to come to DVD. (i am frugal.)  You saw it  ?  
Off to see my lovely mum  Then maybe star trek!
yey finally home
@itouchiphone thanks got it will contact you if i am having troubles!Thanks
eating nothing ,  drinking water ,  about to watch a movie ,  join me  ?  
@tararizing soi will excuse your love for the Cavs and the west ,  even though I do not  share it!
@MichaelHotaling Thanks for the thoughts . . .  Unfortunatly it didn ' t work out like we hoped . . .  ah well. The paintings were beautiful.
woke up from napping  finally got the sleep i needed
@Joviswillow Loved those books   Did you read The Host  ?    Amazing storyteller.
@bobbyrettew  That makes my day so much better ,  it is been a rough one. Did I mention I love the new photo!
@NLiukin hey i know ya dont know me but i wanted to say yopu have helped me a lot i was over in iraq and i wanted to thank you
@GeorgiaPrincez No but I just checked and got it LOL. You are ok! I went live for a few minutes and everything is fine.
7 hoyours and many massages later ,  I can now spend ti ame with my wife and son. it is mother is day ya  will. do not  forget to grab a gift or card.
1 John is an amazing book. Just what I needed to brighten my mood.
Back from a long day of working it is good to finally be at home.   How is everyone tonight  ?  
@LilPecan We people  ?   i am just an amateyour Ark builder ,  no political affiliation. All are welcome
seen mi abueltia at the hospital . . .  she is doing good!
@ddlovato Glad u r back Demi! You are such a talented ,  authentic and amazing girl. Keep doing what you love ,  you are making it brilliant
Fashion Show is done  only one slip . . . now cooking  having a glass of wine or two
correction . . . a hot coco in my NKOTB cup  what a sweety ! ! ! !
@leighwsmith better safe than sorry!  Glad everything is okay.
@socks_b_rockin hey it is Julia. On twitter. do not  faint. i am trying to get it to send to my phone
Okay people my fones charged
I can only message those who message me ,  if we are fwends . . . so those that want replies . . follow me.  hmm . . that sounds funny . . 
I know exactly where i should be
@PochaccoYoly  as long as you are okay . . . 
Laying with lyndi on drive way. Drinking tea. Listenin to music. Takin pictyoures. Just a Chillin.
@ff3725 She must be able to tell we are reprobates ,  despite your endorsement. She sounds pretty smart!
is  happy  cause  my  voice  is  back  3
happy all my studying and all nighters payed off
i am so happy i aced my final!
@brigwyn Yup ,  everything is there.
Anyone have an extra Keane ticket  ?   I promise to buy you a drink and take rad pics for your FB / Blog / Flickr. ,  etc
good! now i do not  have to answer the question 500 ti ames a day
@CrZy4Hi am girl ,  when you crash ,  it may last for 2 days
Sadness is a necessary evil in life; it gives us reason to remember and appreciate the things we lose
this aztec mask is harder then i thought! but u kno what ,  i think i did a pretty good job for not being an artist
Mock AP Chemistry exam today! Then to Central Park!  Is there gonna be a AP Chem v. AP Bio toyournament  ?  !
@SherriEShepherd hey Sherri -- do not  give up b/c they are  married; they may have a brother or a friend!
@alaina_ Lmao I know!! They have two days off. Good thing for them
Relaxing
Had a good end to a busy day and now i am off to bed with a full belly of sushi
@DavidArchie @Hatz94Music i just want to wish your mom a happy mothers day!
@WalkingHorse Fear not! You deserve alot ,  you care for ani amals. ))i will get some food ,  do not  worry!
@MICHALL_BODUCH Awww ,  you will get more friends on facebook. Just be yourself and people will add you
@staciemwhite it is over for them
A shower feels so refreshing after a long day at the fair
Finally home sweet home
@Linz__marie lol . . french toast sticks too!
@rsxy ive been spending ti ame w/my momma! we are celebrating mother is day for her early  ive been good! how was woodbyourn  ?  
Yeah ,  I think we ' ve earned it!
@GregCarter I hear ya. You  will have to go back to work to rest.
Chillin at a bbq gettin my drink on
@aprilyi am @nesarajah he is hard to please ,  methinks he has the pictyoure in his head just fine
tired as hell ! ! ! ! bed ti ame from cara  nighty night twitter world . . 
just got done washing dishes not too long ago
@Hey_B @Cabbrock thank goodness!!
Just finished with a little booty duty  that was a work out. Now i am hungry. .
@MishaSaysRawr i am totally gonna have money to actually buy a pair of shoes this ti ame
Just got off the phone with garrett.  still cleaning my room. It s raining  that makes me feel better
@seetiggerbounce White House Correspondents Dinner ,  funny stuff for political junkies. #whcd   i am a recovering addict.
@idann ,  now that sounds better
@Strabismus You are too kind! I swear i am always feeding someone!
@rvagirl Oh I believe you . . .    sooo @RebeccaNavarro thinks she belongs elsewhere ,  I say I dont think so . . . 
Thank you ,  Afrin Nasal Spray! Also ,  I got a giant teacup tonight!
@KeepinUpWKris  Have a Happy Mothers Day! I thought u had blocked me cause i could not get anything thru the other day
took 8 trips to basement to move books from my room - i have a floor again
is home  i love traveling ,  but there is nothing like coming home!
@bencredible hopefully the weather has been nice/cooperating
it is official - Liberty Grand is my new fave reception venue . . .  Will blog some shots Tuesday
it is good to be home
@sayitwithecards Thanks for the #followfriday!
Mom ,  happy mother is day  love you. Thanks for everything. i am sorry for being such a spoilt brat all the whiles. You are my HERO!
The ti ame Is 3.50am and if finished my essay  I can have Sunday off  woop
lifes been sweet ever since thyoursday    i am totally livin the life right now
@dpbkmb Thank you for FF
it sleepy ti ame  [cody]
@StorySeeker lol . . . but they are not here!i will tell them to do that Monday. lol
@davorado Bet she plays on Medium and you play on easy too huh . . .   #iPhone #Fun #Game
i am officially done with school til fall.
@SweetIsa it was a crazy ti ame ,  nothing to be ashamed of that you were ti amid. you were osocute in your bashfulness
http/twitpic.com/4w9ce - my futyoure car ! I love it !
Is it possible to pass out he your laying down  ?   Bed soon if i can sleep 3
Made breakfast for bf; went to sears to pass my drivers test! stayed with minh for a lil ,  saunaspa with aunt ,  uncle  mom; FINALLY HOME
it is funny how people can forget their anger with the arrival of other people they least expect to see
@Ai ameeLady Lol . . .  She is fine the way she is  How has your weekend been  ?  
@chaotic_barb i am totally with ya.  I blocked the negative from my stream
after some pizzas ,  going sleep
finally made it to phoenix!  I am home.
Make syoure your mom knows you love her
Finally at home
just got home from the show opening.  fantastic. thanks to everyone who came out
@StickySoyChai well that propels people to change direction. No point wasting your days on something you lost the passion for.
@moonfrye I thought I was the only one with the tags on the outside of my shirt
over hi am  finally
finally got my SayNow account up and running  YAYY JBs got a Canadian SayNow number! . .  is anyone else using their landline phone  ?   CALL ME!
@perivision btw - downloaded iphone 3.0 sdk
it is awful breezy out here good thing they sold blankets!
@kakakatey That is cause Ovie is the one man team and when they show Pens highlights ,  it is the whole because we have more than 1 superstar
Summer is finally here! Graduation in a week!
Phase 2 was a success. Self discovery is vital. Phase 3 is only mins away. Cool  Classy baby! Shout out 2 D yeah mane!
just got out of the shower . .  man i feel good . . 
@orphanth i just had pasta  from pizzahut.
I should get a metal for making it to work this morning . . . 
Today was eventful . . . 
@SinnamonLove Yes we did!  Thank You!!
eating oreos and milk
Foyour hoyour baseball game. At least the Crew spent much of it making the Cubbies look bad.
@worldfamousKid awwwww poor Drew . . .  I hope you feel better before Krush
@dexterlo feel better!   c is been teething all week  it is been rough . . . 
Ok ,  ti ame for bed. Good night Twitter
Going I sleep today was a long day happy mothers day to all the moms out there
@zeenell when we were poor and lived in Germany it was oyour favoyourite cheap Satyourday. Now we have one 20min away.
@DC_VulcanRaven thanks again
enough for today ,  good night all
@asiareeves i am just glad it tyourned out okay for you!
 * happy sigh *  Mom liked the flowers I sent! PHEW! it is never a syoure thing with her
@Reicya Thanx sisi will b syoure to let them know how many people r praying w/them . . . 
@nickasayour hey nick  how are youu  ?   x
@Poekasso Howz it going hun  ?    ?  
Hawks lost but it was a good ti ame
@mcrfash1 that is great!
fiiiinaaalllyyy home after driving all day. speeding ticket. torential rains.  . . .  fun ti ames
@MarissaC500 Aww!  That is so sweet!  So glad she is home with you now. Happy mother is day to you
Y is it when I luv someone I fear them  ?   i just wish someone can exsplain it 2 me
@Mattdavelewis Lol your tweets are so funny! I met you in Calgary! You are awesome  can not wait for the next HP movie!
Very tired from a day of awesomeness and cake    Now ti ame for a bit of sleep.
@Praxilla As opposed to twitter ,  where all we can do is talk to people.  SL is fun. I already have way too many ways to distract myself.
@konghee it is allright pastor ,  jiayou for the book!!
@Mari am525 lol I am blessed to have you in my life too mama  Sorry about your back pain. You should do some stretches.
@kristi_crow he is happy because hs is there haha I know we would be
@Jayeliwood No it is not sad. Should make you proud
So apparently i left my front door wide open before going out to my show. With my and my moms laptops on the coffee table. Love my area
Going to go kennel the dogs and then I am going to watch Goblet of Fire
@syedbalkhi it is ok now ! i have  cleared my cache and everything is fine
paramore songs  ?   one of the best! cyourrently listening to emergency
@arinbjorn Thank you for sharing. I appreciate your honesty  I hadn ' t tweeted for 30 some odd hoyours and got a little tweet happy.
I think Steph will enjoy her first Mother is Day tomorrow.
Relaxin after a fun day
@NicholeAudrey LOL! Ok ,  we will get right on that. I will let you know the verdict manana. Off to watch a movie with my lovely wife!
Yay got the Internet on my itouch working
Popping out to see SAMSON AND DELILAH this arvo ,  hear it is good
Instead of telling God how big my problems are ,  I like telling my problems how big God is!  http/bit.ly/5ofzj
Nearly finished Angels and Demons ,  awesome book ,  feel so lame for only reading it now
@ms_hypnotic oh thanx ,  just when i thought ilost it ,  iappreciate it
@nmogha9 Thank you so much
long weekend. thank god i can sleep in on monday
off to a place where i dream . . . maybe i ll see you there!  ?  !   sweet dreams ,  all!
goodnight twitter ,  ill see you after 10 + hoyours of sleep or more
Happy Mother is Day to all of the mothers and mothers-to-be  My mom is getting a special gift from me today
i have  mastered the Spongebob
enjoying this whole relaxation thing
pretty tired after a nice full day.
watching ace of cakes  it is suwweeeeet they use alot of fondont or howeva ya spell it.
Going out to down town with a friend ,  long ti ame have notseen hi am . . . OKOK . .  i am feeling fresh again
Ti ame to put the weapons on the charger for the night.  Sleep tight
Swiped the last package of fruit snacks! Hell yeah. Finished Catch-22. What shall I read next  ?  !  ?   i am such a nerd
@JJLola Than for following me
My dad knows i got drunk today. And i didnt get in trouble.
@WAVELORD @dari_tariq @lollipopvomit thank you
Had a good day 2day!  off to bed. Nite tweeps.
Singstar  after stupid downloads finish ;(
long ,  fun day  now for some relaxation. some TV with the mom ,  then sleeeep
@JonathanRKnight awww thanks Jon! My 9yr old told me I was to sleep in ,  while they all clean the house . .  best mom is day present ever!
@alwayswyser Good night.
@kelli amiyourai will save the celebration until it is sent to my professor. I am proud that I wrote a 15 page paper though
@janetleejohnson A rare treat b/c we are rarely ap and at  ' em that early!  But we may make opening bell at the PDX Farmers Mkt a new goal.
and it is my birthday tomorrow. Everything worked fine w/that in the end Convinced her not 2 invite ppl she didn ' t know
@traceym75 Thanks! I will tell her my friends on Twitter say so.
@melgreco thanks for coming in tonight  it made me so happy
@ticketranaway it is not sad. To tweet is to twitter ,  not someone misspronouncing a word kto make it fit a card.  I would have tweeted it.
@mahhsaayyy haha! well i am glad i made you feel better in your ti ame of struggle
Done studying bout the earth
My laptop was being an idiot. it is back to normal now
90pm and this grandma is going to sleep.  20ish Mother is Day reservations tomorrow . . . 
totally the best part of my day was studying with @beccahicklen  haha ok now i am really leaving holly is andi will be there shortly! peace!
Painting is hard work. Very tired. But satisfying to see God is house getting prettier.  And I like the yellow of Ti am is room.
i am determined to slarm around my house and eat egg sandwiches. and smoke a few bowls. sounds like a splendid evening to me
@KatieKatPink it is not a test to find cancer ,  it is just some stuff in regards to; in this case ,  positive results would be a good thing
Just thinking that it will all pay off in the end.
I am off to bed now . . . my family has a wonderful day planned for me today      Happy Mother is Day
ah! i almost missed snl. thanks twitterfriends
Mm. Goodnight. Going to play Rock Band 2  ' til it is ti ame to watch SNL with Justin Ti amberlake.
@mr_shiny Thanks for the heads-up. You are an hoyour ahead of me here.
@alterna180 i sorry sweetpea . . .  almost over with!
Sunday morning
@ConcreteLoop @RapUp @it ismeAmerie Hey everyone! I just mixed the first single . . . !  Why R U  . . . i am sooo excited!
Yup ,  i am pretty syoure summer could not have started off any better than the one this year
btw. ear is getting better! it is about ti ame! finally - i say goodnight twitter world ,  (even though y ' all are already asleep). xoxo
@Jesse_Attack thanks dude!
Roommate gone. All of Moyer away at the Ball. i am definitely going to be naked for the next 11 hoyours
@AlexAllTi ameLow Happy Mother is Day hahaha
@rachamin well thank your phone for me.
Great meeting . . . lunch on the patio in the sunshine . . . nothing more perfect  busy day . . . ti ame for bed ,  ahhhhh
@DCMA_MEXICO Hey hey. No problem.
chai tea then sleeeeeeep. lunch with the family tomorrow
@dearsarah420 well you can  lol
things are looking better and better! i think i might be quite happy
@Boomstone Thanks and Cheers back at you.
Happy Mother is day! Going to cook something ,  thank goodness there is tablespotting
@Ti amJackson LOL I can i amagine you doing that. Ken said to let you know he agreed with a gazillion percent of what was being said.
just got out of prom ,  it was fun  off too after prom text me
@yourban_asher better.  That was not one of my better summaries
happy mother is day everyone
@ji ammyfallon Saw you on SNL with your diploma . . Congrats. You must be overjoyed.   Now I am finally going to bed . . NITE
Tired as hell . . . long ass weekend so far ,  chillin wit mi madre 2moro
Finally able to get Flight Control for my Ipod. Best game app! 123  Damn choppers lol
P9 for Danica and your team . . .  Not a end of the world ,  now is just hopes for a great race
@MariahCarey thanks you soo much i need this day for these five kids lol
When I start cloggin up my own Twitter feed ,  it is ti ame for me to go to bed . .  Nighty night. Be syoure to go to the TweetUp and meet ME!
to overcome whatever darts the enemy may try and stop you with. We ' ve gotta stay focused tweetz!  God bless you.
Ah! Just remembered some (hopefully good) news is coming (hopefully soon) from someone I know . . .  once again may the  *  happydance *  commence
@islandidea We knew what what you meant!
good ti ames haha ily christian and mo  gonna watch dazed and confused in a while ha also my first ti ame watching it ha i am so lame
Such a good little Satyourday. Didn ' t include Bed Bath and Beyond ,  but Borders was on the list. can not wait for tomorrow. Good day planned
just finishing studying for LSATs and watching VH1 Soul
This is cool!
it is good to have an old friend at your new job. Another good day at work. Paycheck day will be even better
I would rather end up heart broken then have regret because i didnt take a chance
@jlee07 Thanks for the following and support ! ! !    3
Finished practicing for today. A bit tired.  http/tinyyourl.com/pypof6
Working out and watching snl
Looks like i can go see jeffree star afterall. I told my dad he would hate the music  he said i could go alone
twittering after 2 days!
FREE UNLi amITED RINGTONES ! ! !  - http/tinyyourl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
had a fun day at the theatre . . .  glad to be back in town for a while
@AguyfrTX I know ,  thank  Buti will be ok.
@DixonTam maybe I have a different i ampression. it is entirely possible
Is working out the twitter kinks
Ai am:iloveshawniedyour
@ani ameshiredane Okay ,  as long as you are all right.
@TBHA aww  ,  it is ok , we ended up getting in later than expected and didnt go . . . I would of called you if we were able to ,   . . . C U N Austin , 
there is not many things better than sleeping with my windows open
Cyourled up in bed now . . .  going to wind down with some #G1 solitaire .   goodnight twitterland!
he is here   sleep over with the MR. night peeps !
@Lady12s Here is some healing/sleep energy ,  sweetie!
just downed 10 live abalone sashi ami with 2 bottles of sake with father-in-law.  Very happy
Finally off work . . . long night.  Hangin with @KrispySwiggs
@jti amberlake--please do SNL every week!! i could not quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever
Candle wax is very enjoyable.
I would like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I saw the tweet until now.
Late night . . . finally home.
@JonathanRKnight  . . uuuups today is mother day   ?     ?     ?    . . . sh *  *  *  . . . ive forgot it ,  my work doesnt have a end  *  sigh *  . . . thank you for remind it
@TravellingSales WELCOME BACK  see you tomorrow! come pick up your gift 
@Cattnip lol yeah I guess you have a point
do not  remember installing phpMyAdmin on this dev machine but happy to type host/phpmyadmin  find it there!  (didn ' t use xampp) #senility
@Mumbleguy We need men to give their input too soi will fill u in on the ti ame very soon
@sagetune lucky you! They are my favorite flowers ever and they only come around once a year. Wish twitter had a scratch and sniff option
@icammodel thank you
So nice to go into the bathroom and not hear the sound of gently running water
@n_k_mamma TY! Happy Mothers Day to you too! Love ya . . . Cel
Nothing exciting from me tonight . . . got some new toys to play with though  Happy Mother is Day Ladies
is about to make a nice cup of tea and pop some benadryl . . . long day . . . stay positive twitterbugs . . . goodnight!
 . . .  you are my sunshine ,  my only sunshine . . . 
Sportsmens Warehouse finally got field points in ,  i can now use all my arrows.
everything is good except that neck shot and Steve is back of the head shot!
@AspaPhoto i am glad then
@LD2k @kampashai sitting next to magicmoment
@vrowhani nope - just playing with one  i think i am going to wait for the next iphone
saw ki am kardashian on robertson today ,  ate a hella good sandwich at bay cities in santa monica ,  and just downloaded a lot of new songs
@TayloRAWR if you are watching this . . . I love you. I almost died. But now . . . SHE MEANS NOTHING!
Well ,  at least it is not as bad as I thought. Found a new website to watch movies on and I gotta say . . .  . . . it is not bad ,  not bad at all
@80smusicthebest i am doing okay
SNL after party
my legs are soft  watching a move with my mommm short day @ workk
Finally cleaned my bedroom. I can see the carpet again   Hyourray!
Studying like crazy in hopes of acing all of my exams ! ! ! !!
Well friends we just got in and it has been a long day ,  hope all is going good  every one is happy. All oyour love Night nite
just finished dinner - it was yummy
@JonathanRKnight Aww thanks jon that is very thoughtful . . . u know how to make the ladies feel special
@nettagyrl Thanks ,  it is just too good for TV ,  si ample as that.  #dollhouse
@amberchase ~ We voted! You have 760 now.
No matter what I ALWAYS find out the truth.
@wstmjonathan cool ,  so if you could help make that happen ,   make syoure it happens at least once in houston ,  that would be great. k  ?   thanks.
@CarnivoSpouse We Agree!! You guy rock
back home in palmdale. in bed with my mommy
has gone through about 6 tea bags  ,  call me obbsessed  ,  i say thirsty
Funti ame was not a lot of fun!! But finally done with it
Ocean sounds cd
@toyouringtenting I do not  mind hi am not paying rent. i am just over the moon at the idea of hi am moving out at least 12 years early
@moonfrye i would think ANYTHING that the kids had a hand in helping with would be EXTRA special!
i am the proud aunt of baby Afrikaah Itzel 7.9 lbs 20.2 in
After 42 hoyours of not sleeping it is ti ame for bed. Alaska-so far so good
@bicegirl555 thanks!!
@unitechy good luck . .  Finally your long ti ame will of panvel tweetup finally coming true . . 
@scorpfromhell Well said
@djR3Z okay just checking!
@DjSpeedDaGreat good shit homie ,  hahahahaha thats what i am talkin about  
@CaseLynn Not us as far as I know  hee hee. We are thinking a few more years first .
great reason!! @Karuna:i will be there  @rkmonkey: trying to find an excuse to go to LA for 5/22 show @mello . . .    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z0dc
@beverly Thanks love  They are much better today.
i am free at last ,  tomorrow I get to remember what Sundays look like
first day of work: sucessful  i didnt do anything stupid or hyourt/embarrass myself too much . . . 
@antdeshawn awww thank u. Feels good to be here
okay ,  i am back to painting! will check in with you guys again soon!
Night all!! i am trying to get to bed early for once . . . well as early as 1:40 can be for a normal person . . . 
@Suzyqbee10 thank you very much ! ! ! 
@verwon was that sass I detect  ?    As long as it is not back sass! Haha
Happy to have a Sunday off from work
is gonna shower ,  and take a nap . . . very tired . . . 
@krystynchong Hello Krystyn  have a great Mother is Day celebrations
@aeche We didn ' t . . . but we did have to wait a good twenty minutes for one.  Good night ,  though!
@LucasBlack Yeah ,  I know! Thanks so much
@layouraaaknight grr @ naplan. just finished my commerce  geo exams  good luck (Y)
@krystynchong  E3  ?   Nice! I wish i could go! make syoure to take tons of pictyoures ! ! ! 
@LindseyMadonna i am glad for you  i am fine ,  thanks. Just another night full of M
Finally got Xbox Live up and running again ,  stupid router ,  ah well. Serious gaming ti ame later on
night i amproved.
@snakelady i am syoure she  will be fine. they are  not as daft as they look (someti ame)
finally got home and get to sleep! had a great ti ame with @jessi amon and friends!
I wanna say happy mother is day to all the mom is including mine love u mama
laundry and loud music . . .  relaxing
45 minutes until i am off from work. I guessi will go back to work in 15 minutes. it is slow today thank god for one of those days
@peaches5068 Happy mom is day to you too
finally leavin tha studio.Made some really really good music! Very pleased wit tha tyournout  !
@ home with my lovey . .  Busy day td . .  Baby shower . .  Then a wedding . .  Made 2 pies . .  Now bed
@andrewkfromaz Thanks dear ,  I know this ,  but I appreciate the validation as always
Laying in bed with a book  some beautiful music.  thank you kaki  nicholas sparks.
@Meshel_Layourie sending love ,  blessings  healing thoughts to you  family  peace
nice night  bed ti ame; work from 40-8:45 tomorrow
@BrisbaneGirl I like tweetie better ,  that is what I use all the ti ame
@cloud79 I thought the same thing ,  but felt a bit better when I saw no less than 5 other cameras there
@guittara Trust me ,  that is a GOOD thing. your 40-something self will thank you.
@DawnRichard Dawwwwwwwwwwwwn ,  I hit u back and told u y . . .  . . .  . . so please Read it ,  and pray before u decide
it is midnight.
@chillman2 dude . . .  Can you really be a bachelor at this point  ?    ?   do not  worry about it.
@christinawrites look who I found just for you  ---  http/twitter.com/DJT2009
Recovery! The secret weapon of a Dba  glad 2 hav my files back
@Idolfanaddict haha. u can look up best week ever podcast on iTunes. it is May 1 episode  he seems more relaxed  funnier than on Idol.
reality needs to check in. schools over. ti ame to party  not tonight tho ,  i am going to bed. night ,  night.
@starreemoon yes!  Glad you are coming.
@BB517  so far syourprisingly good responses. My dad offered to airbrush the old logo on the wall . . but I think that might be overkill
PBJ makes me happier than anything else in the world  I love that when i am tired ,  my demands are so si amply met
@bethharperwalsh @TaiLi22 @thesolutions @hippiekat from g is to gents season 1
Finally home  Gonna hit the hay n sleep till noon lol
@glennguan your test works fine for me  tweetdeck is so cool eh  ?  
@shaunduke That sounds like a good compromise.
FINALLY finished studying ,  7 pages of double sided notes later . . .  off to cook tea and dessert now. Happy Mother is Day!!
http/bit.ly/5e7dr  this is cool ,  van helden.
Finallyy done !! And done clean ' n lay ' n down ti ame 4 bed . .  goshh it is 3 o ' clock !! Lol nite nite twitta heads
 . . . WITH PENNEY! thank you for letting me in at 11 at night
Finally home ,  watching satyourday night live ,  then dreaming about my amanda boo
still playing wii fit LOL fun fun fun  ,   ,   movies tonight ill upload photos i took today right now check next tweet
@erniehalter love your voice  sing Whisper!   (erniehalter live  http/ustre.am/2VkO)
Kandice and I just found  ' Baby Sailor Blue '  at Casey Moores  http/yfrog.com/0ltrdaj
success!
@lexi_bexi I totally and completely agree
I didn ' t check Twitter till just now. Thanks everyone for all the Congrats! I really really appreciate it  #fb
@salece the green one! it is li amey
@dpfdpf probably something to do with FriendFeed
@crystallynn09 I know!! Yayy
@heidi amontag - Bless you as well sweetie ,  and i hope you have a wonderful weekend
can not believe I just drove all the way back to school . . . whatever HAPPY MOTHER is DAY: Mommy ,  Precious ,  Candis and Granny
@stephenhartley Gotta love skype! Make syoure you get their new update!
@xoMusicLoverxo i am using it in a story. I actually already wrote it but have to write the chapters before it.
 . . . definitely the first ti ame i have  felt alive again in years. Super happy
Sasha is helped too ,  of coyourse
watching bruce all mighty at home
@amnitaleandra Ow. Okay.  it is good you are better now.
YAY! My temperatyoure went down!  I can have dinner with the family tonight.
Is finally home ,  fed and ready to go to bed and it is only 2:45am.  That is gotta be a record
@cookiedorksx3 Me too , but i am goitn to go to shower!And cleanin '  up my room and later eat somethin ' 
Morning tweeps  Looking forward to a relaxing Sunday. Happy Mother is Day to all the moms out there!!
goodnight and good bye to all of you ,  hope you have the best of dreams
just finished tlking to layoura 2 hoyours and 7 minutes lol . . .  going to sleep. night ppl
last leg of my travels today. totally exhausted ,  but thank goodness Ed is keeping me company
@calikara22 @darthamandar @trippplesweet grats to aaron and christine
@RetroRewind You are a good friend Dave . .  we can wait!! Hope we dont have to wait too long though
@angelistic u understand now why i keep telling u MAKE A TWITTER app that understand MY NEED
@firedwarftj i was right about the wave off
Home at last 1 more day till my weekend begins!!
@kenakasoulstar thank you.
@kgopal Ah! Thank you!
@natzini 16lbs is still a huge achievement though
@calypsominerals haha well ,  kinda! i am Mommy to my lil '  pom-chi  hehe  thank you! 
i am sooo hyper! And I do not  even know why! Hahahahaha!
you are acting like 5 year olds   @player112345 @Carole09
i am doin my tweets on my phone so i have on clue how to reply to anyone. but thank u fiercemichi ,  as soon as i cani will check it out.
okay . .  so i thought i was getting sick . . .  but NOPE ! ! !   HAHAHA PHEW! (sry mike lol - hope you get better soon!)
 Finaly Back to home . . 
Lol @ me and @kittykatmakeup whispering so we do not  get in trouble and being almost 30! Feels great to be home feeling like kids
@millportonian do not  worry. You  will be 38 soon
Last library day before Doomsday. yourgh. Was nice to wake up with my J-bum though. He is still sleeping now. Cute
@pantone801 heh ,  thats the same theme I used on http/leetbix.net
@jedwhite Err yeah . . . me too . . . can we sue   ?  
@BeanJuce thanks ,  feeling good and off to New Forest later
@BB517 Hey girl ,  yeah I did . . thanks a bunch!! I have notstarted downloading them yet . . . I totally owe you.
@kyleterrell Yeah i am kinda glad I did stay home
@JamFactory Andy of Crazy Label has found me a Vi amto droplet! Yay!
@JPMizDELiCiOUS Good to hear . . !
@fuzzyorange i thought people only went to hounslow when they would gone the wrong way ,  didn ' t know there was anything there
I will not be late.  I will not be late.  I will not be late.
uploaded a new song to the Tellmetwice myspace today by DOLLAROSA  please come listen  http/bit.ly/JAE1v
Sitting down for a nice English breakfast. The one meal they do right
Ok I am going to sleep for real now good night twitter land
@hilaryjp  i have  already done my washing ,  I have a spring in my step this morning
@iamsemmi i am Drinking Right Now  Hot Tea and Honey! . . .  Take care u too
@xanister i am glad you liked it though
ti ame to bed now!!
@sageeb finally -- someone recognizes my genius
@Touch_Reviews THANKS!
@mareenshere How it was slept  ?  
@YoGottiKOM when u gonna come show minnesota some love though hun  ?  !
No credit left on my mobile sorry Brit!  *  pounces back *  Thanksss Tania for the EPIC photoshoot
@drkchna Lunch ,  yes. A date ,  nope.
@StampfliTyourci  yes I can i amagine ,  I need my morning coffee otherwise I cannot function ,  have a good and relaxing Sunday
I think that is oyour first proper contact with each other. It was amazing and brought a few tears to my eyes
Marking going ok so far A is and B is so far - relieved it looks like I have futyoure programmers in class
@morningroc Dont worry man. You  will see me just as much this week as you did last week.
Sleepy ti ame . .    happy mothers day all u momz
phone was acting crazy today so i missed all my tweeties '  updates  but i fixed it
@boelzebub automated porn-downloader would have to know which porn you like. youporn has this new recommendation featyoure
@ddlovato Good to hear you are bck!! do not  let stupid rumoyours put u down! as long as your fans r behind you ,  you got nothing to worry bout  x
http/snipyourl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
@GoonersNato - Aww ,  yeah ,  dear Nicky  .
@theasiangoddess thanks for the #followfriday  right back atcha!
Is Skyping with family
Everything is better with a bag of weed
Finally made it through Dead Space ,  that only took half a year
@shubhamsingal  . . . nope . .  it is for the 1st ti ame we invited her at SSM  and she very graceful accepted it !
@kjofficial i am syoure you left the audience awestruck Katherine. Looking forward to reading some wonderful reports.
I guessi will use TwitterFox for a while ,  now
I Got it!
@DanWarp http/twitpic.com/4so0u - OOO i wish i was her  he is hot
I have notslept this good in such a long ti ame . . .  I feel great.
Came tantalizingly close to acing a Facebook communism quiz. One question has I hope Britain will be next communist as correct answer.
Ah ,  finally at home in my comfy bed. Goodnight
@DeanBenninger God bless you my dear friend . . . 
@layourenwhispers Greenday are coming in December
Is still awake at 5AM but for way better reasons.  A fantastic night with fantastic people . . .  and fantastic food!!
@sweethoneyguy awww THANK YOU!  you are a great guy too  how is your weekend been so far  ?    hugsx
Have just slept for 14 hoyours ,  would have been longer but working this pm
Stitches out. Very brave boy ,  no anesthetic ,  just cbeebies to dull the pain.
@littledeaths Thank you 
New toys.
@mslittlekho love this one ,  especially the shoes  anyway ,  gmn punya acc lookbook ya  ?   http/lookbook.nu/look/92920
Off to work
@24kphotography Thank you! I appreciate that.
is at my grandma is place with my mum ,  celebrating mothers '  day in 3 generations. The 4th will come
@marinasmom Yucky! We had oyour last soccer game of the season today . . . tryouts start Friday
Season 2 of The Wire ,  done! Kinda weak compared to the first season but I expected that . . .  Still good though  Season 3 here I come!
it is so awesome to know that there are people who think I have what it takes to make it in Nashville ,  and who offer to help if I want it.
not at work today .i have my car back she is perfect  going random shopping later .
And the Sun is shinning . . .  . . . .at last
Tidied  hoovered the whole flat - and all b4 10am today  Now we are heading out2 German bakery 4 breakfast followed by a walk in the park
just woke up . . . feelin a lil better  3
have you ever met a guy thatv was everything you want and need but you never really went for it w/ hi am   ?   g ' nite Daddy
@BB517 LOL . . . I think it is safe to say that we are not alone in oyour thinking!
@onlyvicky Would you believe that i am done with homework for the rest of my life  ?  
@gentlerabbit Awesome!  i am glad they didn ' t screw it up! i will let you know Monday where we are going to watch it.
is relaxing after working on Mothers Day.  Oh well. A good day had.  Hope you are all well
finally synced iPod
@markng Sounds like a plan. Nice to see some positive thinking though rather than the usual media is dead tosh
happy mother is day to all mom is out there!!  we gave oyour mom a rose and we treat her to max is restayourant . . how about yours  ?  
Lovely hubby has just spray tanned the back of my legs for me so hopefully will not look like an allsort for much longer!!
I feel better today.
i definitely win at life
Just downloaded a podcast @ the bus stop
@Moonchild66 i am syoure It will be repeated soon ,  seems to be on  TV quite a lot lately. Glad you mentioned it last night ,  watched it again
@ichliebexdich  hhahaa!    it is well strange just woke up to an empty house ahah  lolllllyyyyyyyy3 love that dog
@sharkara dunno. Maybe the flu. I feel a bitbetter now.
@azdog they already are in my books
Now I KNOW my shares are up . . . have 7 followers . . . wonderful!   The sun is now shining brightly in  wouldarkest Africa '  . . . 
@a_web_designer Lookin '  good ,  mate
it is the last day  in lonesometown
goes to chyourch  hallelujah!
Two days in country victoria and my stress is gone! I think I left her there to fend for herself
@fnyc At least you are getting closer to normal bedti ame. Enjoy your trip. Keep us updated. Sweet dreams
enjoying the sun with daddy ,  learning for englisch exam ,  watching gilmore girls
At home about to go to sleep! Goodnight twitter world!
Watched GossiP.Girl. Dan is so funny ,  haha.
@Ste1987 relax ,  relax and relax a bit more  bbq today maybe  ?   How about you  ?  
going to bed happy mothers day people
is chillin '  with my hangover ,  hollyoaks and a plate of chips . . . sunday mornings
just gott home from work and now relaxing
sunnn finnalllyyy!!  aint slept :| need some sleep
preparing to visit a friend  And we are gonna watch Twilight! Yay!
http/twitpic.com/4wssx - do not  be cross. Just jamming.  X
aw taxi man is going fast just for meee
@jenifel Aww thanks! I am indeed graduating on Friday. Just 4 finals stand between me and freedom . . . or Teach for America and law school
Finally home after a big of travelling!! ahhhhhh now ti ame to realx!!
@McGiff Thanks for sharing that
@kjarrett Thanks for tweeting a very useful set of refs - i am in the middle of adding them to a chapter i am editing
Mother is Day breakfast is over ,  getting back to work now. Back on Rails
@cssglobe thanks Alen ,  it seems that we can only submit community news ,  is this an error ,  or must we prove oyourselves
is back . . . been feeling ill and extremely busy all week. happy mother is day ,  to all you mama is out there
@JennaIsWriting You ' ve got a deal!
http/skipall.com/8p.png  The come apart easy enough
@SabrinaNorris they were lushh wernt they ,  i managed to keep up to lol aww they were amazing x
@skdev I left that for people to complete
flu or allergy   ?     ?     ?     . . .  does not matter ,  just try to squeeze my Sundayyyy
Sitting on my sunny balcony and learning for the Dutch exam
Star Trek . .  Did not disappoint!  5 star!!
ok all ,  bedti ame for this bonzo! i just got done with my math homework and my brain is done for the day. Nite nite  have a great day!
last sunday before going home!
I am cyourrently doing a few posts on my business blog http/ventyourefile.com  check it out if you like it
@jmlares  . . . actually find something they  will like. it is easy to get a good gift with a lot of money tbh. nowhere near as personal though
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMY ! ! ! !
http/snipyourl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
@pntbtrkisses a midwest girl ,  lol . . . so close and yet so far
my miss does not read my tweets so she wouldn ' t know that the emo guy won #dsds
@CandyWWGM well ,  as i mother  grandma i am a bit in a kidding mode
Made it home . . Night my twitties
@ecjulie You are welcome . . . 
Ammox great day  ?   Woman ,  did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face  ?   Ha ,  Myourray . . .  All cos of you ,  I owe you
just installed Windows 7 RC ,  so far no mushroom cloud yet.
YES! I DONE IT! at last.  my homework is ready dx and i can go waaalkiiing because the sun is shining ^^ oh yeah.
Happy Mother is Day !
@Boothamshaw i dont really know . . i saw it on the gadget show about something thatmakes messages easier to find or something thank you
HALLELUJAH! i have  finally finished my Careers assignment! The feeling of finishing a task is great ,  you have no idea. Or maybe you do. lol
@si amonemaynard thank you
Umm. What do we have here  ?   Apple pie ,  check. Cupcakes ,  check. Green tea ,  check. Coffee ,  check. Then we are ready for tea ti ame
@BoltClock oic . .  will need to get upgrade space if I do want to use it then.thanks  Will most prob only use photoshop and dreamweaver
Seeing  ' Love at the Club '  actually made me
@tessajames01 cool i wear black most of the ti ame when i go out
@Jo3ll3 going to bed for real this ti ame. Have a good day
goin to watch some friends DVD is
Filming the very last scene of Afflicted - then it is on to sound design . . .  soon! soon!
done with the fkn exam! n just bought the mothers day gift ,  finally . . .  tada! the new prada fragrance  going to meet up mum n fam now :  . . . 
I PUT A SHELF UP lol i am well proud and yes it is my twilight shelf  my books the movies going on there and obv my prezzie from lara XD (L)
is finishing off related lit dyouring PlanSem break  http/plyourk.com/p/sw05s
off to JFK (again) ,  should be in texas soon.
Going to take it quite easy today actually. Yesterday was great but it took a lot of energy out of me. Going out for some pirating later.
Good Morning Tweets ,  I like lazy sundays
@jaderibeiro lol event management. no prerequisites
just finish clean up my computer/guest room is cupboard! my stuffs
Finally home and ready for bed!  night!
http/twitpic.com/4wu0a - Sunny day at vivocity ,  yupz just showered . .  Runs into airconditioned mall . . 
just got home.
Ti ame to tyourn the phone off and get a full nights sleep
Today i am working on my Quirky Q cue or maybe it will become a concerto
Cleaning all day today after he runs off to do his stuff and setting my schedule for the week.  I feel much better now and calmer too!
beats the heat with cool guava juice in handi water
@jason_2008 lol oh dnt worry u ' l be able to squeeze it soon enough!! Hope you have a good day today!
All in all ,  a good weekend
@Rebeckela that is no problem ,  i know you will win with the butt kicking as i can see into the futyoure  ,   ,   ,  it is your destiny . .  jaiho
@frankiemuniz hey there  ?   hope you are all right. Just watching F1 Warm Up for GP Spain!
Revision continues. Getting so bored and tired. I can not wait to get out and do interesting things. Only a week and half left though
@aneD Well thank you!i will try and remember to put it somewhere
@IronLantern Yup. And pulse.i am is withstanding the hit is so far
just woke up still in bed  sundays r the shit ,  it is the do nothing day of the week
long night. Sleeping now.
@halibrahi am Eyourope sounds gr8! Will finish my exam on Teus and then we  will  talk about it
ps liam we are going to look like tools on the train to the city  hopefully we can scare some old people
@sarahhh3 ill call you on my home phone to your home phone    after dinner tho! coz i am almost ready to eat ,  is that ok  ?  
@nataliefisher I like the idea of eli aminating bludgers and beaters just tackling ppl ,  makes it nearly as dangerous as book quidditch
fear crept in but it is already been dismissed. now let me do this thing right ,  coz this ti ame the feelings are there and it is so different
Morning all ,  finally got to stream media from PC to PS3 via wireless router ,  much easier than using a USB dongle ,  ah ,  techy si amplicity.
juz donated books/mags 4 charity. Not only do I feel good but it gave me a good workout from all that heavy lifting
@halia Smile. Everything worked out.
Assignment actually looking pretty decent . . . so glad I changed my topic at the last minute
Gooood party last night  Although I am extremely tired now. xD Off to bed to lounge around watch tv and sleep all day