Layin n bed with a headache  ughhhh . . . waitin on your call . . . 
Funeral ceremony . . . gloomy friday . . . 
I should be sleep ,  but i am not! thinking about an old friend who I want. but he is married now. damn ,   he wants me 2! scandalous!
@charviray Charlene my love. I miss you
@kelcouch i am sorry  at least it is Friday  ?  
Ugh! I have to beat this stupid song to get to the next  rude!
@BrodyJenner if u watch the hills in london u will realise what toyourtyoure it is because were weeks and weeks late  i just watch itonlinelol
The storm is here and the electricity is gone
So sleepy again and it is not even that late. I fail once again.
How are YOU convinced that I have always wanted you  ?   What signals did I give off . . . damn I think I just lost another friend
so tired and i think i am definitely going to get an ear infection.  going to bed early for once.
@IsaacMascote  i am sorry people are so rude to you ,  isaac ,  they should get some manners and know better than to be so lewd!
Fudge . . .  Just BS would that whole paper . . .  So tired . . .  Ugh I hate school . . . .  ti ame to sleep ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
@ether_radio yeah  i feel all funny cause i have notslept enough  i woke my mum up cause i was singing she is not i ampressed  you  ?  
i am having a problem with my photo here in twitter amf ! ! !  . . . can not see my face!
@maternitytees Aww  Onward and upwards now ,  yay! Still sad to leave I bet.
diesel yaris . . .  70mpg  so sad it is not available in the US. That would be awesome.
I want to buy this great album but unfortunately i dont hav enuff funds  it is long ti ame noisy
@Pokinatcha  in all honesty . . . pain   blech.
Ok  . . .  the passengers  . . .  no one is alive  . . .  they are  all dead  . . .  you just do not  know it til the end  . . .  then you cry  . . . 
@vincew @stefanyngo  i fell asleep on the beach and didn ' t put on enough sunscreen  lol
@RachelLock22 ohh thyoursday i have exams . .  all day  what about wednesday   ?  
@gcrush @nopantsdance i was just thinking about how excited i am for you guys to move ,  but then i realized how sad i am to see you go.
@artfuldodga I love those  ' it isakey '  USB sticks. We only have the 4GB in Australia
@sweeetnspicy hiii i am on my ipod . . . i cant fall asleep
dont wanna work 11-830 tomorrow  but i get paid
feels sad coz i wasnt able to play with the guys ! ! !   http/plyourk.com/p/wxiux
Darn these allergies! I do not  like this ti ame of year because of this! I never used to have this problem either
@cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer  not so syoure anymore . . .  a teacher is life in the summer SUCKS
I wish she knew what she puts me through . . She stole my heart ,  never gave it back . . and occasionally she likes to be like look what I have!
@neesabear early happy day of birth in case I do not  make it! Very tired from therapy today n just taking my medicine!  misshu! Love ya!
Allergies suck ducks nuts.     =====8@8=====
wonders why her Karma points tyourned into 0.00.  http/plyourk.com/p/wxj54
Is miserable  i feel like i am gona cry  sux!
 * sigh *  i am going to bed . . .  I just do not  feel right anymore . . . 
Now I am depressed after watching so you think you can dance
Just cross  ' cause i am stuck twiddling my thumbs now ,  ugh
Last day working for the Uni today ,  sad ti ames
is still missing her husband.    I really want hi am home.
I miss my puppy
@nzdeany i have  given up on pizza - kids would never let me have my fav  (the hot ones)
@BarbSchaefer yearling in pet home died . . .  very sad for their whole family
@heresmyhello92 We hate change ,  so of coyourse. We are fans for life. 3 Oh and if we have notmet Rob by then something went horribly wrong.
well fuck- this new pain med has an odd warning that actually applies to me. i can not take this. -chan is displeased.
just uploaded my new blog . . .  a painful story about an 80s year old man who cried because he wanted to die . . .  very sad
I just saw pics from this past Thanksgiving and am sad because Grandma was in them.
Took a shift tomorrow.    I do not  really feel like working right now.
but now i have no money for a phone
Too bad the Red Devils . .  disappointing to say the least
@xdjio Have a 3ware 9650SE ,  not fast enough for 3x X25-M SSD RAID5. 800Mhz IOP on the HPT. Might try an Adaptec 5405 (1.2Ghz).
@AlexanderGWhite daaammmnnnnn I do wish I was there.
@yuki_hi ame I played up until the latter parts of the voodoo village part co-op until I lost my usual partner
is a bad friend
@moggy99 No internet last night; ER was brill ,  there was a massive explosion at the end of a nearby gas works ER on standby
@lenje - Still a pity it comes with no lamb though
@bloomsday16  i am sorry to hear that. Here is my opti amist: Things will get better. For all of us.
Had to cancel wow for now
@fairyfroggie But yeah . . . i am sad about my Ravenclaw account. I love that account to bit is.
Up late with nothin 2 do . . . .
someti ames i wish things could go back to the way they were the beginning of last summer
@kateisbored I feel the same way ,  but I guess no matter where you are there will always be memes.
Cute Malay girl came to seemy room for rent - sadly think it was for her guyfreind   bit misleading and disappointing LOL
Everyti ame I send an email to my coach ,  I feel a need to practice.   shitty balls.  Lol
it is pissing me off and not letting me follow ericka
Is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear hi am say Good Night but that didn ' t happen  Good Night everyone . . . 
my mums trying to make me feel ebtter about stopping voting adn not winning shortstack. i almost cried.
I have notseen Muffin in two whole days!
@YumiFujiii will miss y ' all back . . .  give @LesleyBoudy my regards . . . 
Just found mj mouse flats at DJs. Of coyourse there are none left in my size
@xoshayzers i knoww  things will not be the samee /3
Going to sleep. Gonna fall asleep playing apps again. Tmrw is going to suck
I can not believe the Metal Gear Solid song was stolen    i am so disappointed  http/bit.ly/YKkSu
@MacZombieRawr  I wish I had Left 4 Dead. But first I would need something to play it on . . . 
my teeth and head hyourts
I HATE rob zombie movies.  the smell of weed. Vommmm.
no more arrested development. i am sad.
oh my god  i keep losing followers this is so sad  i want 90 one day . . . thats my goal ;D
I feel so deflated. No more doggy.
I just had to empty my trash on the mac. that was one of THE MOST DIFFICULT things I have ever done in my life. 8 , 000 pictyoures are GONE.
i am contacting PAWS Philippines so i can find tiger a new owner. i am so sad. i love my dog soo much
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to be over
Fuuudge. Movie store is closed
ALO is so sad and quiet and empty tonight
@Mona26 Aw where are you headed to  ?   i just cancelled my trip to Aussie
Sad that Christian Lacroix had to file bankruptcy
I dont feel good AT ALL. fuckkk
Have to go to the dreaded DMV tomorrow
Taylor Swift and Joe Jonas looked really good together. i am kinda sad they broke up.
God I just want to sleep.
Found my book. Starting a real paper-bound joyournal tonight. Have an annoying zit above my lip. Makes me look like I have herpes
@RealBlackWidow But but I dun wanna
@i amjustlalayone damn girl i am so down but ya gotta let me know so I can get my kit together  I got a flyer  Any next weekend  ?   i am DOWN!
@JustinOdom dbl booooooo for being sick ,  flippin blows!  . . .  bahaha i kno i dont have many friends on here either. i feel so lame  haha
feels sick to my stomach and idkk whyy
@hello_jodie Um ,  I was thrown from @JareWolf is van yesterday and had to be taken to the ER
@judyrey  The link does not work
my stupid tooooth hyourts
@tyournitgrey my computers broken and I broke my laptop so I had to use the phone  ahh still on he cause they fucked up my order.
i am awake. Anybody else awake  ?   Wish I lived in the US since all the fun happens when i am asleep!
@Penguin_J heehee. i love you! i am tired.
Morning everyone sorry for going early last night had bad news ,  felt totally crap   Today is a new day
how I wish my parents put me into a Chinese school when I was younger. Then ,  it  will be so much easier for me to get a job . . . 
@joiskol  being in your room makes me sad.
@CocktailChic oh f * ck! I completely forgot about Thirsty Thyoursday! oh. my. gaga. this sucks
if one people did any wrong ,  the world blames all the people over there ,  this is the great world which we are living in!  Shit!
@meljachin: eww. dislike
@SuzyDunkley sorry bout the cat , 
missed iron chef
@thevowel the DS version sucks
what a bad day
went to the cd store to search for the cd. But
I miss my mom . .   May angels lead you in
@chocolovere i feel the same way every day
can not sleep. Sucks. The one day i have to sleep in and i have to get up and go shopping with mom. Ugh.
Sleppyti ame. Really missing my godfather right now. Love you Wayne
So have a headache right now and it sucks
@jwray12 Lakers ,  baby Lakers!!i will miss the game tmwr. I have to work  you  will have to keep me posted please
comfort food of the day: pan mee. though ,  it didnt taste any good . . 
misses my baby.
i am poorly and can not sleep
has work tom.
today we say goodbye to the second good friend in a week from dmp  but at least the sun is shinning and i am definately NOT working this pm
Someti ames the things you say hyourt the ones you love most unintentionally.  And you can never ever take it back or fix it.
@nickkk_ that sucks!
Having Fever  dont feel to work
missing @MeLDiBiAsE . . . 6 days can not pass quick enough
Working from home today ,  my back is killing me  Doctor and then physio after later today.
Missing you all deeply
@Ravels sniff sniff  take care ravels! Hopefully we  will be chatting again soon. In the mean ti ame , i will HELLA miss you.
I do not  want her to leave . . 
@KaliyahPjones lmao . . . thats sad ,  kinda discoyourages me 4rom goin if the shit is wack
@WillyNorthpole I wish I was there
I miss my little Batty ,  she was only 3 months old when she got sick ,  she was always so fun and full of life 3 Even at the very end . . . 
morning again! I hate mornings. So offensive!
bed bed bed @samuelasanders do you never answer texts anymore  ?    I thought of you the other day and sent one but never heard back. Sad day
@brianshead waah. We are no longer your peeps.
@angelica_yo LOL wow dawg does not sound like you are playing!  I feel bad now haha
@MariusLT i am sorry about your bad driving experiences.
Already misses @CMontecillo
Gutted that the bathroom still is not free- early work is not going to happen  . And I need the loo!
thank you @ddlovato  cant wait ! ! ! ! ummm btw i ama crash still sick
First my work computer ,  now my home laptop is fucked.
@joek949 it is depressing i am stuck inside all day
i hate being sick. i miss @cynthiasheree @lucyowns and @larilync
Woke Up , I Wanna Stay In My bed
Upsidedown tomato plants died!
@ddlovato Caan ' t Iht Be Earlier  ?   ICant Wait That Long.  Ahar. 
@prncsztalia why do you hate me!  ?  
http/twitpic.com/663vr - Wanted to visit the ani amals but we were too late
#jonaswebcast i just missed it ! ! ! !
So exhausted . . can not sleep. I do not  like these nights
i am gonna miss all the live Comet action tomorrow! i have to go take care of my cousins and they do not  have access to the interwebz
@NothinButSin sorry to hear that.
Just found out I can not drink at this bar! Booo missing e1 at palomino is! No cheers sad face
finished a whole box of ice cream
@chrisontv88 btw I am not a wi amp
@queenbmakeup i can not add you on myspace girly  it asks for a last name and email
I do not  wanna go back to work   sleepy ti ame.
http/bit.ly/3W9w1  NOOOO! he goes for Orlando! oh my god   i am gonna CRY ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
@johnpopham Morning John ,  yes I do ,  however I have a diary clash and sadly can not attend!
I miss my friend
Yea i just saw this really sad commercial
Hmmm. Using TinyTwitter on a small non-touch screen is really not much fun
Hates having to sleep alone
I loved johnny carson now i am going to hate seeing jay leno go
even though everyone wanted to do a newish song and oyour teacher agreed  old grumpy does not like us happy  haha
@razitul ya. i was suffering the whole day yesterday. met dentist and feel a bit better. i still look like rocky balboa though
I didn ' t get a callback for the play I cried . . .   oh well I guess it is back to being a techie . . 
@lunafactor I kinda wish I went with you now! . .  I can not fall asleep
@Dakshinamyourti Not yet . . .  sorry
FALL ASLEEP ON ME AGAIN  But I know how it feels now LOL. Drag Me To Hell tonight! Quite excited
um . . .  so I do not  think my text msgs have a subject line  . . .  I fail
tummy ache.
@askegg i am sorry ,  Andrew. I wish there was something I could do . . . 
as if i finsh work at eleven . .  IS THAT EVEN ALLOWD  ?    cauz i really dont want to . .  lol
@AmandaMallard i am not at chaseton is either  please do not  die ,  my heart will be really sad
I can not sleep ,  this is so darn frustrating.
@stormyamorette just one of those days where loneliness creeps up on you slaps you in the face.
RIP kelly  fucccccck
Not feeling too good
Ok. Ti ame to nodd off it is gonna be a long day tomorrow. Saying goodbye to my car for good
i miss oklahomaaaaa  listening to citizen cope til i pass out.
it is funny. i am kinda sad on my last day
Jenny fell asleep and didn ' t come over
Wishes you had teased me with movie night
@johneast i have  missed one this year(!). it is the forbidden fruit. Of all the trees in the garden I munch in disappointment on that one.
@IvanaE i love it to . .  but i knw there gna cut stuff out on tv
@JoannaAngel I do  But i am on a strict diet. . . ugh I feel like if i cheat for one day Ill throw everything up.
So Cal Dachshund Rescue found a home for my foster pup ,  Max. i am soooooo sad to see hi am leave
wow I feel like ish  and I really feel bad because those ignorent aholes wont overtyourn prop 8
off to work now ,  finish about 9pm  booooo.
Wishes you hadn ' t teased me with movie night
maybe i should take up drinking again ,  feel as if i have a  , massive hangover  still not  , yself today
should be sleeping.  lost my voice a couple day ago.
I was too sleepy earlier and i didnt get to see matt
I just realized I spelled adorable wrong when I tweeted @mindykaling she must hate me now
how to have a glowing face  ?   my complexion is always so pale
Downloadfestival is lineup is not as good as i thought it was. There are some other awesome bands doing the festivals ,  but missing DL
oh no my tweetdeck is malfunctioning  il have web will it is fixd
@ElectraX  . . . i am sorry about you are still sick  u know most of them ,  AND i know that u will guess the pelzer present 
@maliciousmandy1 Adam Samberg + new moon trailor = good evening. Too bad my cable is off as of friday
Just got my ass kicked in Tripoly lol  I got such bad cards . . .  i suck
Annnnnnddd another one bites the dust
on my 42nd written fuck . .  i get less ideas every day ,  and every day
@hammett I wish I could have ti ame for my xbox  project all tied
And trash repops.  Getting it tomorrow night I suppose.
feels like crap whenever she lays down. @)(1+- ' $#! I hate heartbyourn  backaches!
@katiefreeze I miss you ! ! ! ! it is lonely and empty without you!  http/yfrog.com/3o3zxoj
@lozzyx NOICE. I realised that after exams I have 2 more weeks  Forgot about the whole 2 weeks of Unit 4 in term 2 thing 
Missing Everyone
My sisser is moving tomorrow and of makes me sad  actually I guess technically in a couple of hoyours since it is already Friday.
@wired that is so sad
is still sick  sigh
i feel really weird
my throat hyourts  gonna go read and go to bed. text mee!
fjdskal i am really frustrated.
Wondering how come mcdonalds take so long to deliver my food.
@kenyai amagine  . . .  much more injustice than we can i amagine now. It will get worse before it gets better ,  I am afraid. No doubt here. Sorry
Sooo . . . .i am kind of sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out   ! ! !  ! ! ! !!
@StarOnMaineSt idk lol my head hyourts. rly bad.  so does my stomach . . .  hmm . . .  personally ,  i think it is from all the #s ive had 2 deal wit
what a beautiful day - shame i have  got to spend it in an office
Just finished watching the series retyourn of the Chasers War on Everything - really quite crap compared to how it used to be
Wow just realized have notchecked Twitter since 9am when I saw my to-do list. Good news- got lot done. Bad news-do not  know where day went
http/twitpic.com/664b7 - miss my bestfriend : ' ( now she left school
Tummy hyourts
farewelling an employee tonight . . . 
Morning all. The water heating is packed up ,  so i can not have a bath. I REALLY want a bath!
@heavenlyriot Girls are confusing.
@ lyrically_Me   Why would you do that to me  ?  !
Blackout in the city is never good
@half_a_mind Chris and I are staying in Glasgow instead cause there is absolutely no accomodation in Edinbyourgh due to the marathon
@t_isfortammy Sad tweets are sad
Have decided I just can not stand @GuyKawasaki is Alltop spam any longer.
i miss rich
Headache of the centyoury coming- I can feel it  Fuck.
disappointed to know that I got the Silver Award. I want the GOLD award. I hate being second best.
home from ice cream tweet-up (my very first tweet-up!) No pics because my camera battery died last night and i forgot to charge it
@narain Dun wanna travel all the way there for lunch now. But yeah i have been there. Nice place. Missing Shan-e-Punjab though . . . 
@xMyLifesAStoryx rob got lucky that game he beat me 209-205
home from school had the shitest day today
@hobosexual lol.  When I went to buy my new laptop in Feb. ,  I already knew ,  lol ,  but I looked anyway and walked away sadfaced. 
Sitting by myself. Everyone took the good seats.
@sfannah Ahhhhh  Well at least i am up to!
@DHughesy ME! oh wait wrong state
Sorry was that mean
@rscheuer sorry ,  is only in spanish for the moment
has had the flu pass unto me by andy . . . went shopping and got fresh chicken for chicken soup . . . but no dd this sat  . . . is a sad panda
not well
@Miss_Rain oh what the hell  way to tell me.
@theblackestsea oh crap!!
@shaundiviney i didnt get the msg!! : ' ( but i bought princess
i am so unhappy being here. I hate it. it is affecting everything. My relationships with people ,  my personality ,  my attitude . . . 
There is Nothing To Do Right Now And i am Tired But I do not  Want To Sleep. Cleaned Up Pretty Good ,  So Proud. At Least I would Be A Good Janitor
@Madush oh my . . .  now i am offended.  ha
The 3d version of Up sold out   regular version it is!
@NickTheIntern my love ! ! !  We still havn ' t done lunch together like we said we would . .  I miss you my friend
now aches  chills have joined the party. Why could not the cold just go away  ?   It had to get worse  ?  
bed. with stomach ache
lappy charger is completely dead . . .  conserving what is left of the battery until i can afford to buy a new one
finally accepting the fact that all cute guys are taken
@HazelAngeli @V0TR0N  too bad Vo got me sick I think   I do not  even have meds to feel like you.
Honza takes his flight back to the Czech Republic in the morning  i am really going to miss hi am.
Matty is le tired.
@NellaGrl not really having a good night . . .  missing my little girl . . . 
Nite Tweeple.  Tomorrow will be day 25 at work.
Ahh man up and getting ready for work  I wanna sleep ! ! ! 
@JasmineCJones  I was just thinking the same thing! I love oyour morning chats! We totally need 2 live 2gether full ti ame. Lol
Wish I was at sri panwa now
wants to listen to musiq soulchild ,  but it is not on the iPod
i miss seeing fireflies . . . .
@Brookeleeadams hang in there- health should be priority #1 right now! i do hate seeing good people get mistreated so i am genuinely sorry
Had a awesome ti ame 2. Got2meet brandon rhyder! Unfortunatly i can not sleep n tomorrow.  back 2 the ole job. @pattymlt got my game face on!
@Saresa And I feel your pain.
2orw ! ! ! !! Nooooooo I want to go back to Newcastle ! ! ! !
bout to watch notorious cause that is how i am feelin now. wish i could eat something ,  but i can not.  syourgery tomorrow. no food til satyourday
@Jessicaveronica you guys gonna toyour with Short Stack again  ?   I missed your last toyour  Me friend went and said it was mad!
i am going to miss Miss Suhana
Why are the sinks in hospital toilets so low  ?   Now the crotch of my grey suit is spattered with water! Just in ti ame for Physio
I should go get a life. Sam just texted me  ' Phutyoure tonight  ?   '   http/sgBEAT.com/pic/81/
sad that will have to leave my beautiful apartment
@greco31 i have  been trying not to think about that!
Waiting on the bus! I miss my car
says i am still dreaming about that Nikon D60 . . erRr!   *  ate ,  kuya  *   * PLEASE *  *  lang *  huhuh http/plyourk.com/p/wxrx5
It is kind of lonely when nobody will answer their phone.
Rest In Peace  ADaM 12  GLeNN EPPS . . .  Gone but never forgotten . . .  what a week  . . . Loud in da air 4 ya
is having the worst week ,  things really do happen in threes
@katrinalmoreno and i am an idiot for missing their last show
@chuybe. you left me first  . .  and left your bed here for me to look at
Bike trail - 1 ,  Miss J - 0 ,  two front teeth - 1 1/2 . .  Hopefully! Vacations suck!
Sadly I am bprohibiting myself from tweeting tonight. Sorry
@kesoleil Oh man ,  Did Yogg today. Worse than last week.
@anant25121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B ' lore and Pune
cant sleep again! I couldnt sleep last night eather!   *  Wabble Wabble * 
have to stay away from home ,  and since this part of india dnt hav gud wireless internet ,  i am fucked
Wookei why did you never accept my psn friend request
@davidaKaplan As do I  Leopold says hello.
because my dad has the tv to loud. Then i get creeped out cuz i am from a dodgy neighboyourhood and there was someone in my bush.
cant talk very well ,  just remembering about something once said to me . . .   not a good thing fucking bully nasty pieces of work arrrrgrrrrrr
@tiataquito you stop it
just got home . .  downtown was dead . .  plus i am kinda under the weather and i gotta get up for work tomorrow
Yesterday a friend of mine was thrown off his horse as a lorry drove past us ,  ignoring us signaling for hi am to slow down
Ready to go into work now.  cannot be bothered.
I hate working nights ,  cos i am not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather ,  as I will be asleep
i really should stop relying on my family when they say their going to get me lunch
Changed my hairstyle , but it is not good as it supposed to be N do not  wealth that much money . .   hate that hairdresser~~
@_erica I know right
@roshni amo yup  . .  sad eh  . .  Betty man  . .  it should have been betty
@polyap POL! Is this song from a new album  ?   I am really missing out on UdD!
is tired of summer already
feels really sick.
@Trentskers Pfftt . . .  I wish. do not  have ti ame though.
Mom asking if i am feeling better after dargah visit. Dad swears he sees +ve change.  I am amused.   But yeah ,  still depressed
Their songs make me want to cry . . 
@AshleyGofficial aww dont cry ashley
My siblings left me alone.   Bored. |
In the bus . . .  Almost an hoyour late because of my crappy alarm clock  should be in Leeuwarden at about 9:45
I wish my grandmother had taken me to the US with her
@noiselesssound I just heard that Regina girls song @ les deux! And I think u should/have 2 come back 2 mc! I miss u
bummed i didnt get to see manchester orchestra bc it was sold out ,  i spent all night buying tv shows on itunes  lame
Well thats me for the day ,  watching Panthers tonight beat the Saints (fingers crossed) cause there are no QLD teams playing this round
@Krista_Watson I can not this weekend ,  sorry  And Steph is working.
just got home. i am so effin sad
@lizz_ cheer up lizzi there will b another foh hero concert   but still i suppose we can b upset  xoxoxo
@zackintoys Sadly ,  it does not  I was so hopeful after American Doll Posse ,  too  . . .  it is just so blah and vacant of dynamic.
@MommaSalty  . . . that is a miserable afterparty report
Not excited of blowing out another candle today . . .  [as when I was a kid!]
sigh . . . it is always so sad when you watch the series finale . . . no more green wing left to watch
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http/bit.ly/11dd2T
The fam back on the Big Island said the vog has been so bad that they can not see the ocean. Sad!
A sunny morning in the Big K ,  with lawns to mow and a 2 mile to run to attempt ,  yourgh
@USOuljah Ohh Emmm Geee. Souvlaki from Di amitris . . . I wanna go homeeee  LOL
Wants milk
@madeleinelayourin whys your cat in pain  ?  
aww my poor tank friend.    his guild is fucking hi am over after promising hi am main OT. he barely even gets to go now.  ;_;
@franksting yeah . . .  it is very very dry down here
god it pisses me off that i always enter comps  never win.I am such a sore loser
Cant stop loosing.  Worst month results ever . . .  Bubble two ti ames in a row.
Ti ame for bed ,  oh how I wish someone was laying next to me
Today is going to be a normal day for I hope. We had a group of pilots from a large airline come in last night so it was too much drink
oh my god  sore shoulder
@irkengir No. As a result ,  the salary is a decrease
Can I get tonight is SYTYCD online anywhere . . . streamed like Hulu or paid like iTunes. I missed my favorite judge and now I can not sleep.
I feel sick . . like do not  wanna get out of bed ,  be bothered ,  do not  go 2 work ,  tyourn da light off ,  pull da shades n tv off type of sick
@yelainez  oist the 1st tym ,  di pa ko 18 ,  the 2nd tym ,  may sakit na siya . . .  do not  blame me
Why do not  we close the library due to the great weather  ?    And the ac is not working  #fb
Ti ame to do house chores! Ugh!
getting ready for school . .  reading what is going on on set in Montepulciano ,  and practically crying cause i am not there
missing Taylor like crazy  cant wait till he is back
Had a good day till he twisted his ankle on his two mile run
@TerrenceJ106 yooo! it is rainin dumb hard out.
Changed my hairstyle , but it is not good as it supposed to be~~N I do not  think it wealthed that much money . .   hate that hairdresser~~;(
@J2thaESSICA yeah dnt go there . .  I have 3 dif apps on my phone for it  so sad but there is a reason as to why lol
Um k . .  this is NOT Close My Eyes . .  this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but I 3 it anyway . . 
@SmellTheCheese I know ,  that is so sad.  I
@dj_cm  Didn ' t drink enough for a hangover ,  just tired and over worked
Just awoke in a completely freaked out frantic frenzy.  it is going to be a long night.
where is enthusiasm in meeeee
drinking some really nice coffee ,  got to go to the dentist at 9am this morning
@jessereed did u watch the day the earth stood still  ?   did u not see my bye when u got d/c . . .   i am sad i left 2 and now your gone  ily333
#DepecheMode concert next week cancelled  Alternative date not known yet. Dave Gahan had a tumor.
it is 2:08 am. I can not SLEEP ! ! ! !!  i thought it was b/c i am hungry ,  so i whipped up a pbj with milk. hopefully it works ! ! ! !
Only 1 tweet in the last 24 hoyours  ?    Nobody likes my tweetboard
i am so bored i can barely even tweet. i have nothing to talk about.  #boredboots
my head is killing me ,  i keep sneezing ,  and i think my boyfriend fell asleep. greaaat
roughnight
Tired. About to cli amb into bed and fall asleep. I hope this weekend will be fun . . .  I only have a couple of weeks left
Bad day ,  just got worse . . . 
@irkengir It is a recession
@Meikah Hala ,  I do not know that one.  Shame on me.
2moro is the end of my stay @Grandmas to bad shes in NY Then off 2Ft Laud 4a weddin Florida is fun but i miss Home and Spike(car) lol
@godfatherobie  i am @ work and missed everythin yesterday but do not  know wot  ?   Anybody
fell asleep waiting for my ride!
Today feels like friday. Too bad it is not
now i am gettin a complex my followers are shrinking   want to make 100 b4 Sunday
Has been underpaid  just when i really didn ' t need to be as well.
@Adamastorlx ohyeahhh  hate the heat!  http/twitpic.com/665a2
@sashaostrikoff i miss you
Feeling bad that @muemerry didnt get to see UP
Disappointment really sucks!  i am getting used to it.
Season 1 of Lie To Me was serious. Damn ,  now here comes the wait.
i mean monday take the test monday ! ! ! ! please o please !
@SummerXoxo That is exactly how I feel.  I hope you start feeling better soon.
My birthday is now over.
at work and tired just want to go to bed
@msalonen I feel like a Truck just hit me too! I also Resemble a man hit by a truck!
@Jazzy813 I miss my neice  can not wait to see her bad n grown ass! Lol
Holy shit it is super sunny ,  Friday and Whit isun ,  my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park  http/tinyyourl.com/ns2l55
Ugh talk to me someone  i am really bored.
Sleeping on the streets of nyc for a celebrity . . . nothing new. Wish i had a huge blanket though
have a splitting headache!
oh my god . Period cramps are FTL. So much pain.
@shortstackband grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Using tiffys computer . . . it feels different from mine . . .  the touch is different.
Bummed out I am missing a rock cli ambing trip next week
Stuck in some shitty traffic! This day is going to be crap
sick to my stomach . .  and i have a headache . .  i wish someone could come rub my temples.
Not a good start to the day left my money at home . Soi will hot a day me looking for free carparks
@deathnerd ah man ,  that is sucks.  What happened to it that is prompting a reinstall  ?  
@Farctum Oh poor thing  Hope it is easily sorted out. (and not too expensive!)
@Lil_maggie you okay  ?   i miss you @tanyadenalilove i am sad you didnt text todayh
#3wordsaftersex it hyourts now
Heavily medicated but can not sleep. Ugh . . . 
Grrrrr fuck. Just remembered that i am doing the later shift today ,  so not at work for another hoyour! What a wasted lay in opportunity
@DontLetGo14 at home  i am so lonely here . . . 
what is love!  ?   baby do not  hyourt me ,  do not  hyourt me ,  no more. I WANT TO WATCH  ' NIGHT AT THE RUXByourY '  RIGHT NOW ! ! ! !
it is too early
My computer is being killed by a combo of mirrors edge and really poor win7 thermal management . . . 75c gpu = one sad game
@Kingsrockandrol i am a bit down zoe cos i am off to bed soon ,  so I will miss this gorgeous weather ,  were having  what you up too today  ?   X
My tummy hyourts  go away cramps! I hate chuu ! ! ! !
i lost my voice . what should i do   ?   it is very tortyoure
it is pretty cold outside  today i got another exam . . . 
@Lmhustle4life Shit none. But yea last weekend was crazy ,  i think i partied to hard ,  thats why i am sic.
@it istayloryall i am so sad we missed you at Family Reunion!!
@1825remnant ,  i missed everyone tonight
Ugh oyour two week push to produce a six pack has produced nothing but pain!
ooh i feel so sleepy . . .  it is 10:24 a.m. and i dont wanna go to school 2day  but i have to . . . 
@love2reed thank girl! I just now woke up! I cnt believe i am sick!! Now I have a fever . . .  Wish I could pound nyquil  This sucks.
@donald_jackson already there is none left  back to cabbage soup
Wrong button   . . .  My music biz building that is.
having the flu ,  not the swinish-one ,  but the flu.
really annoyed that work appear to have blocked facebook now . . . 
it is friday!  well ,  technically anyway . . . but it is really thyoursday for me.  dang having to work satyourday mornings
20 mins from BEJ to Semanggi. Traffic on Friday   *  siggghh * 
@AyeBloodyRight Taking the souls of your friends and family and watching them die is a nightmare. Trust me
missin my bro . . 
@DarynJones your youtube account is down.
still sick  @ Home http/loopt.us/iArPRg.t
not feeling too great today
i hate that feeling you get when you listen to a song and it completely reminds you of how things used to be  you get emotional
you ever come across something that reminds you alot of the one person that completely broke your heart  ?   cause i just did
Ria got a a G1 phone and i am jealous
my party is wiped out they be all dead and stuff
@Branwen6277 i am better today.  Yesterday was really hard.  it is still just so unbelievable.  I miss hi am ,  too . . .  and probably always will.
is lonely in need of company
@dameenrouge I have been to Tara Thai a few ti ames for friend is birthdays and the food I had was pretty bad.
hates continually getting sick whenever he has exams
I want to ride my bicycle today ,  but it is too cold and cloudy today  http/snipyourl.com/izzsn
stupid weather
Why cant a girl just like me for who i am and not whats in my walet  ?  
Good Morning ,  it is beautiful here today. Shame i am going to spend most of the day being an unpaid taxi driver.
@overshootTV thank! Old computer here ,  too slow for both Kubuntu and Blender really.
Why Telstra Why do you are biggest Teleco have to be so greedy  we need fast Internet and NO Download Caps!
@Velf79 Missed you last night hon
@ab_normal Shucks!  Sorry!  Someti ames I get wrapped up in FB and forget to check  how you doin '   ?  
And apparently I misplaced my iPod ,  the 30 gb
very disappointed in hi am    gonna have to sleep it off . . . 
4am foodshopping cause I was sick all day and was in hospitals  being alone blows
@heavenlykevinly You go to sleeeeeeepz
is seriously heartbroken ! ! ! 
@NellaGrl  . . . being lonely all the ti ame.
@drinkins i am suffering from the Internet that works bad ,  only sites hosted on russian servers are available for me
ouch  epic bruise between my toes and a lump just under my ankle  bad ti ames
Epic ocd moment  ?   I deleted my si ams file that i spent hoyours building just because i set his favorite food wrong
Heading home. Could really have done without banging my head on the way into the bus
also i hit my chin on something when i fell down and it hyourts  ugh . . .  work is gonna suck
Doing uni work all weekend. Fun ti ames
@_enzo blech . . .  thats a fail when you are receiving dollars. I quoted a job in USD last month. i am getting paid now = major losses
@aliwise TMZ HARVEY LEVIN ,  OR TYPE . . . TMZ IN  . . . FIND PEOPLE   ~~~~
First ti ame i am going home early  sucks to b single no one to call
@veronicasmusic When are you guys coming back to do a toyour in Oz  ?   I missed you when you were here earlier this year   Made me sad
hmm. i am disappointed. I made 2 servings ,  and I am only able to enjoy one because my stomach is now full  wishing I had company to help.
it is taking foreverrr for @jess_0000 to get here  i am bored . . 
is very cold
what a waste of lives  . . .  http/tr.i am/mLou
@mjh81 I know man ,  my day off and am pulling myself out of bed
@yenbearr yis  i ryke it.
i am havin the stupid stomach pain again  again . . .  Today is my outing with SPH frenz  my stomach nvr fails to dissappoint me. Haiz
if not i ampossible
boo for all the season finales . . 
@OpheliaPunk nothing  it is sad ,  actually
@Vzzzbx i am glad/sad that it is not just me/my iPhone  #badoptus
likes being friends but it hyourts when u love your friend but the feelings arent the same. trying to sleep. has to really try to give up.
@TheLastDoctor He was creepy for me at first ,  but I did really grow to like hi am. I cried like a baby when he and Tosh died.
going down the post office to try and sort this whole ebay hacker thing
Bacon Fail at Gulb . . .  lack of chef
@chantalclaret D; You get hate tweets  that is sasd.
is suprisingly okay. or possibly still drunk. goodbyes suck though
i wanna go out
it is overwhelming how i am finally catching up with my cousin/bff since i was three who i have notseen in years. ah ,  memories. miss her
SF felt WAY too intense for me tonight. Hope that does not keep up. Upset with myself for not hanging with @fascinated and pearl
@divabat so sorry to hear that.  I lost two hard drives this year ,  I know the feeling
So many farewell parties! sad to see people leaving  . . 
i am sleepy but is feeling under the weather! ugh! These damn tonsils. I need some company or somebody to talk too!
i am the only ho that didnt go to tigerheat tonite
not to be too macabre but it is hard to believe we dropped a real nuclear weapon on real japanese humans.  http/ow.ly/9NRu #warisfucked
@OpheliaPunk i wish i was not all  bummed but i kinda am
@notmywords yup-unfortunately  Took today off work and just slept all day.
is feeling so bored . . .  i miss school ti ame
@etschuetz that sux  but mayb 4 the btr u nvr know
Cant sleeeeep  i miss my long hairrr
mom is ok so far. just missing jaron
has had AWFUL hiccups today and now can not fall asleep because of them
Use twitter ,  quit life
Listing to old jb music . . .  Going bck to 20062007 33 i miss tht
Just woke up  can not go back to sleep. Had a txt from the bff sayin if you are up call me ,  sounds i amportant but that was 4 hoyours ago
My truss failing  http/yfrog.com/154upj
Trending Topics on Twitter used to useful. Now they are  just like middle schoolers passing around notes cause class is boring.
@helloinsightful CEREAL DOESNT COME WITH TOYS ANYMORE!. i jus been thinkin i was buyin the wrong kinds  say it aint so Mo.
Now the mosquito truck is waking me up
Another boring meeting to attend
damn i missed @xsparkage is blogtv  i hope it was funsies  ?  
i am torn ,  do I get an extended warranty for my iPhone when mine runs out ,  or jailbreak  ?   i have  already got problems with battery  earpiece
friday night is my fav night of the week but now I have to go to stupid dog training classes
@xBellaMariex Hello Bella ,  why r you going to delete your account . .   ?  
@nicolepenney That sucks! i am going to be doing summer school.  Need to catch up on several unit is
Damn ,  4got to tyourn off my alarm so I woke up at 5:45am
I miss Cary and want to drink some chocolate milk with hi am.
i am ill hate it. seeing the doc at 5 too 10.
@JasonVonBerg thats the crazy part - was for 160. but reasons include full schedule  travelling with his daughter . . .  So. Not. Cool
Approaching the weekend quite quickly and so much more work left to do.
NOW i am SAD BUT i am NOT GIVING IN FIRST . . I DIDNT DO NOTHING ! ! ! !    : *  * -(
Distyourbed. They sold the baby tiger I met in Thailand as an exotic pet. Greedy bastards
and i am so naughty I cant even take my dog ,  I have to sit  watch how proper dog owners do it ,  will Brunos life ever be the same  ?  
Also ,  anyone else hayfevery today   ?     ?     ?    i have  only been awake for 40mins and sufferin already
i am glad that all got cleared up.  I lah you!  Idk why Linda hates me though . . 
@alexandramusic morning Alex hope you will be tweeting lots today as we do miss you when you are not on here 
@TheeRealFDHC Sorry to hear that man  He is were the bullshit cant reach hi am now. My heart goes out to you and your family.
i am cold  i still cant find my hoodie
Um ,  why arent episodes 1-14 of Lost season 5 on abc  ?  !  Good thing i am going to Vegas in the am to keep me distracted from this tragedy.
@Kristie999 same. Was going to try warm milk but i am lactose intolerant  haha.
Mom has left . . .  again
chapter 27 . . .  probably on monday. i still need more comments.
 . . .  need retail therapy ,  bad. AHHH . . . .gi amme money geebus
cant sleep  so tired! goodnight . . .  maybe 
@dtothealex really . . .  i am an alumnus ,  and I do not  know myself! and we didn ' t have Macs yet when I was there . . . 
Back to LA from Las Vagas ,  Nice Trip  ,  Nice Food  . . . but lose $100 with Slot Machine . . . 
wowowee willie of fortune is just making me depressed  damn love.
Watching Ji ammy F.  delete all his social network profiles  No more Ji ammy cyber ti ame.
Desperately wishing I could sleep - But I am too frazzled about my Gma ,  and can not sleep . .  : ' ( it is really bad tonight 
No allowed a calculator for this exam despite it containing laths that is i ampossible to compute in my head.
3 hoyours of sleep and a mild hangover = carelessness and the loss of a brand new ipod pouch
Wee laddie is been SO upset for about 2 hoyours. Tried soothing hi am in bed ,  nyoursing ,  etc. Nope. Up at 30am for real food. Blue Clues now.
@madeofhoney1 i am sorry. i dont wanna cuz of how u act. u just tyourn right around and ignore me and all that
Ugh id better get up for work
had my lip pierced for about 30 minutes.  and then it died.
why not everything workout as you planned.
aww only 15minutes left of family guy
I wanted to see the story on ACORN tonight on Glen Beck but I missed it
Tv arrived but can not play cos have to go to stupid work
going to bed . . . with NO sexy ti ame UGHHH!
Someti ames I have a pillow and someti ames I do not 
@kpatthethird FML dad didnt leave me any moneyz ,  so i have 2 wait till he gets home   call me when you finish work  ?  
I miss Feb 23rd 2008  best night of my whole entire fucking life. I would rather re-live that night then win $1million.
@harneet @RangitaNandy as a kid ,  i remember searching with the local video store owner in a godown  ,  got a video tape with fungus badluck
#freakyfriday Slipped in the shower and fell. Lucky to escape with just a couple of concussions!
Damn I failed in my assassination attempt on Louis  re: http/ff.i am/3mri am
@displayspook damn i missed it too
Y AM I STILL AWAKE ! ! ! ! SMH . . .  THIS SUCKS ! ! ! 
is having headache and colds . . . 
This headache is killing me yet I need to cover some boring police event.
i am sooo lost without my car  This is truly depressing. Pregnant people should NEVER be this stressed out!
@jessii amiica I am like the most saddest person on jtv right now because you are not on
Heathrow Connect is 7.40 , i thought it was a bargain (express is 15) , but then it terminated at Hayes/Harlington and i had to take a bus
@brookedanielle_ it just upsets me  ,  becasue like 6 years we have loved them  . .  and then this happens  i amm really uset now x
Marley and me is the saddest movie ever I never cry in movies but this movie mad me cry
I was looking forward to seeing @PapaRoach in Raleigh (fan for 10 years NB too) but scalpers took the tix and sell them for $200  morons
@chasssss they got attacked by the club
@steebie lol i know i wld like to get a reply from seann william scott but he dont reply  and hes one of my favoyourite actors
i am so mad that i am going to be missing the maine tomorrow because it takes all effing day to fly to florida
Google Wave presentation: http/bit.ly/2ehfov  i am not very i ampressed. it is nice ,  but it is not really for me
Fixed my favoyourites. $180 and the heels fell off after 4 wears
Nice action shot: http/bit.ly/m8zfx   I miss working a pole.
I am not going to entertain any request for reducing shipping cost by using registered post instead of coyourier from now on . . . 
Going to miss my roomie @Staycy . . .  We will no longer be roomies starting tomorrow
dreading work tomorrow wish I had one more day off
@mizzlalabaybii @KEWSBOOGIE i am just so lonely right now. maybe SADE GOT ME FEELING LIKE THIS
very tired and anxious
it is my byourfday and i am all alone
@JoelMadden I applaud you for accepting gay marriage ,  I have rels that are born again that hate me for it.
Headache
@Alma773  want somebody to hold me Alma! tear tear
it is beginning to get way too hard to please all of my friends at once
@MrDeNiro i wish someone would inspire me with some sexy ti ame right now ugh but thats not gonna happen . . .   ugh
not in the mood
I  will miss the 39th floor view . . . 
now i am awake i can not get back to sleep
Now i feel really really bad . . . sorry
@elmers10 miss u more
@HellenBach the geek ,  the stepson and the live in nanny love BGT ,  me - can not stand it!  Had to watch TV upstairs all alone!
Enjoying the nice couple dad with my brother to bad we never really see each other anymore . . . 
Just got finished watching marley and me ,  and I cried like a fucking baby . . . i am missing my beast like crazy!
My phone passed away yesterday . .  He jumped off the table  Searching for a new phone . . . 
oh my god. my twitter feed has been taken over by geeky stuff! @bmw @brampitolo @kodinlanewave @kenkeiter so funny! I wish i understood
nobody loves me on twitter
@iAmNauj can not.  wish I was sleeping. Gotta be at work in less than 4 hoyours . . .  Wait ,  what are u doing up   ?     ?     ?   !
@Rina_spn your boyfriend didn ' t even say bye!
Have you ever realized you never fully have everything you want  ?    feelin '  down.
Gutted ,  been invited to a bbq tomorrow night ,  gonna miss the BGT final    . . . Wonder if they can wheel the TV outside  ?    ?  
@jerseyzmorenita: Sad But True  :: I SHouldnt Right  ?  
supposed to be great weather today  2moro; just my luck i am stuck in work 1-10 both days!
i lost all my friends ,  i am alone and sleepy . . i wanna go home
@brainstuck i didnt get the joke
Also ,  i am really missing Sami . . .  just thought I would throw that one out there . . . 
i REALLY miss my photofiltre and photoscape  Gi amP is too damn confusing
at last i wr0te again . . . got bored the previous dayss . . . 
@binncheol  i am afraid so. All toyour I have had people refusing to believe that I am anything else . . .  Irish all the way.
it is 4 am and i am hungry
Why do weddings on TV make me cry  ?   Is it just my inner desire to be eternally happy and start the rest of my life  ?    ?  
can not go to bed  An am sooooo tired ! ! ! 
man . .  it is starting to rain real hard . . 
Just wrote lyrics to my new song exciting!I slept on a full stomach again it is the worst feeling waking up and still feeling full  euggh
got paid nowhere near as much as she thought she would
I have not been this sick in years. oh my god . This sucks so bad. Sickness ended up including a full restroom cleanup.
@pilgri amfamilyuk oh no I hate that
How I wish I get at least 2 days-off in a row. 1 day off is not enough to rest.  3 days on ,  1 day off ,  4 days on ,  1 day off . . . Ugh ! ! ! 
@hojomo i am having trouble finding really yummy egg free ice-cream   #favoriteicecream - got any recommendations anyone  ?  
I guess you are not talking about Orlando Magic @whoiskenan! There was nothing magical about it
I never thought falling in love can cause so much pain . . .   good thing that i am so over that phase!
@MarkK_H when you wake up ,  tweet me and let me know when your on msn. I really need to talk to you  miss you
@libbyoliver caught tweets on it and got home in ti ame for the last 5 mins of the ITV2 show!! #bgt Out tonight too so will miss it again
The Good: I drank Jager and licked a hot asian girl is foot. The Bad: I was reminded once again that I will never get asian girls ever.
3 hoyours sleep last night ,  all of my being wants to crawl into a ball somewhere and sleep for about 5 more hoyours. At work till six too
Is so freaking bored on the bus. Hate being poor ,  4.80 retyourn for a 10 min train or 2 retyourn for an HOyour long bus.ipod has no battery 2
@BK_II I have no choice  have to get on it!
@FelipeAzucares Everyone seems to love it ,  but it felt kinda lazy and repetative to me.  I was really disappointed.
it is a lovely day sky is clear birds are singing and i am stuck in an office with on windows for 9 hoyours
nothing could get worse ,  or could it  ?   if it did i think id be on the verge of killing myself or someone else ,  things are not good anymore
todays weigh in . . .   only lost 1/2 pound this week  depressing
@SASHAMINAJ lol   the things u gotta do someti ames man smh lol
@sophiatam haha yea! Just working and chillin in the eastbay. Unlike u ,  I do not  get a summer break  boo
@papermelody although these are a BIT tighter (smaaaaller) than my last pair ,  they were baggy as hell ,  now I get front wedgies
Damn ,  got Chili Beans on my shirt  I hate that I can be a messy eater. Such a lady!
@JeremyRylan i am on mobile web and it will not let me  it looks awesome though . . . and no one reads my tweets anyway.
@dave_mueller yes i love it  it is just a little bit complicated ,  because i want it on my BB  ,  but it doesnt work
i am so sad ,  because my beloved boy does not online ,  i wait for hi am everyday . . 
@DaveDeRoo hardly  some of my fyournityoure is being shipped from who knows where and is backordered  I may cancel and shop local.
bwarg. can not sleep ,  tired of drawing.
do not  have ti ame to chat (sorry girls  Miss y ' all!) ,  but we have a new lawnmower . . .  yeah ,  that was today is highlight. Tomorrow is . . . 
@pyroezra i really wish i could.
@Nelja exactly like that  . . . in glasgow now  . . . it is a bgt busier
can not wait to come home! I miss my Bubba. Too bad my parents are taking hi am to Canada.
i am SAD SAD SAD ! ! !  thought my aunty Stina coming but no more  i was so looking forward to having family . . i miss dat! i am alone on maui
has to do two 50 page assignments this weekend  there goes any chance of relaxation!!
Town. Uncle and Gabriel are coming in. I miss Gabe  Tempted to ask if I can go back to Baton Rouge with and stay with other side of fam . . . 
lost my BA115 enlisted class in CRS!! ( whyyyy. hindi naman conflict or whatever.  ang labo ng CRS grabe. T.T
3rd day of pain
missed out on westcott micro apollo too
Dad: No trips to Lahore for you. Me: I do live in DC  NYC which also = big targets. Bummer ,  no Pizza Hut chicken tikka pizza for me
Last night I had 1/2 a bottle of wine in my house and 2 cocktails. Came home sober but still gonna be sick
@DatDoodRace Thts kinda young 4 me ,  boo.
Weather is back to being great! Shame I have to wait in for my delivery
@Jonasbrothers movie out today but i cant go see it
@HoneyJune k . . .  i guess i cant help it . . .  byeee 4eva . . .   (m really sad)
I hate the out-of-nowhere stuff . . . 
sick n tired of people who steal other people is work
@SeandBlogonaut daddy wanted to buy me shoes ,  but they were prettie esspensive ,  so nao I haff to go bearfoot
back at work  it is too warm to be in here today ! ! ! 
Went to the Athletics Carnival today! Tired ,  very tired! I hyourt my back when I jumped for the second ti ame on the High Jump!
it is too sunny for work   ! ! ! 
boys and girls lie  ?   awww is santa not real either  ?  
@oliviamunn that was pretty lame babe
@rawrgoesai amee Ah bibisita ka kina GQ bukas o  sasama ka sa Rushers EB  ?   I will not be able to visit Jumpstart tom coz I have something to do
i miss my daddy
owww i think i tore something in my leg
@Beckinelson idkk if il get to see it again
Bah day is not ending as nicely as it began
Already 26.1c in oyour office. Can people melt  ?   We are fighting for air con because fans just do not  help ,  but can not find the budget
@iamdiddy I do not  think they sale Ciroc where I stay . . Damn . . thats just my luck
@ferretwho Defeated by a Polo
@violetbakes My friend is a massive Beatles fan ,  and she was not i ampressed
@kathtrinder @samscam what is that  ?   The sun  ?   No sign here
@Emiily_Kate i know it is heaps awesome. if your not working all weekend
@mistermagnus A friend uses Logic and I must admit I did like it . . . but I do not  have a Mac
it is too hot to be sat in an office!  I wanna be out in the sun shineeeee.
@BlueEyed_Cat @hi amynameisrose we all know and yes dont remind me i am so effin jealous  fuck aust some ti ames
Is now crying  oh my god  I am fed up with this pain  ! ! ! 
i am up way to early today!  Work later.
i am really tired . .  not much ti ame to sleep
@codemonkeyism there were attempts to somehow extend inner classes ,  which would be close to #closyoure ,  can not find the ref ATM
sad day ! ! ! !! Love you Ma (8 years ago!)
Is going to get a full nights sleep tonight so her arm can get better. it is no fun being forced to use your left hand
@jennytalia SHUT your FACE! Why are you so mean to me  ?   Pedro is supposed to be the mean one
 . . .  and it is FFA  *  evil grin *  but Im so busy at work today I wont get anything done
Fell down the stairs at dancing ,  sword fell on me and now my bum hyourts
@wethedan nope ,  would be no music
@JustDarline DArLiNE!! *  miss you
Why didn ' t I book today off as well could not be bothered with work the weather is too good to be in here
@ncremins thats not really fair. I mean you just up and leave like that and you dont even give us a party  So when you coming back or   . . . 
@tahninial just called me a cheesebyourglar. He made me sad
Getting bored sitting at the hotel room the entire day
can not believe i am peeling from one and a half days of sunshine
I wish I had a concept of what ti ame it is right now . . .   not adjusting well. Obvs.
Feeling pretty poo today
I wanna go to the beach . . . but I have to study
What is worse than a fever and sore throat  ?   Cancelling a trip to see your little bro because of a fever and sore throat.
On a brighter note . .  still at work at 6:15 on Friday working on other peoples problems . . .   oh man. i am SO eating pizza tonight. hoorah!
Had a crazy night ,  lost keys ,  walked home ,  missed my papi is calls from the swizzy.    i am sad
missed the #jonaswebcast
At millys having some yummy asian food! Haha. And listening to let go ,  such a sad song
my blog is crashing my browser
My mind is playing tricks or me! . . . or could it be  ?   Either way this ish is on my mind heavy and in sleepy
@LaylaNatalie nowhere babe  ice come to do a few jobs here this morning  *  sigh * 
@terryronald When does it close  ?   I didn ' t think it would been running that long  ?   I still have nothad chance to see it!
@ladybug8320 oh yes i syoure will ,  but sad cause i will miss the view at the house am leaving actually
#liesboystell your the only one ,  I love (they really have several women)
@NANCY___ just got your TWEETS. that sucks my love
fuck elora danan are breaking up  too and i am missing their last nsw show too  def need to hit up melbs !! someone come with   ?  
I guess it is bedti ame. Goodnight twitter.  my bed is so big and empty without hi am.
My car broke down.   Ti ame to start looking at getting another.  If it is not one thing it is another.
@subray put me right off my scrambled egg breakfast  #fartingloud
My assistant had me watch The Notebook. I miss Deborah
it is official- the Twilight Saga has ended . . .  *  sigh *  . . . my life is empty!
@SamGrierson awwww . . .      ,  ah well at least I can sober up for a week or 2 and possibly get to the gym . . . .u gonna make music live  ?  
@pinkbunny69 awww thts no good hun-i am having the worst day as i am sick as
@breagrant Thought you was one of the best on Heroes ,  pitty they are killing all of the good characters off  how do i use this thing!  ?   lol
Nooo! i am ill  Must Have Paracetamol! Nice weather today ,  though.
wow ,  serious hard ti ame sleeping. on a decongestant and it is keeping me wide awake. I JUST WANNA SLEEP
@gedhead if only @stephenfry wouldn ' t have some fiftythousand followers . . .  hugh layourie is just a needle in a haystack now!
4th ti ame in 1 month that i am spending ti ame @garage ,  for a broken airco this ti ame . . .  sigh ,  great with this weekends weather
Is going to miss Reemer for a couple of months now the toyour is over
@MAVinBKK I know but the wait will be worth it - November just seems so far away at the moment  
is now writing 100-word newsbites  http/plyourk.com/p/wyb4h
@ankyourb english screwed up my overall percentage in X ,  in XII again and probably in adm tests too. shit happens.
low low low low low low low low low . . .  . . .  . . .  . . .  . . .  . . .  . . . .
i am slowly reallizing how this byourn I got at work 5 hoyours ago really sucks
@lupin_bebop that is lame ,  sorry
knee syourgery . . .  back home for about 6 weeks
@sassisam agh mine just left for New York last month!!
@KINGmoney yep and it is freezing ,  i hate winter  i am literally wearing blackets
My room is too hot to sleep in.
is way too sleepy to be awake
I overslept  headache
@drumstickboy I also used to be close with adiel and sabby. But now they changed alot. I like when we were in sec 1.
@kevincl Same here. But I am just going to browse SA until I get bored.
@ConcertJunkie I SAAAAAAID!! Haha. It kinda makes me sad though.  http/bit.ly/uJUA3
@nyoursebettie666 he is the meanest lil boy ever ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! ! When I was a lil girl everyone loved me
#freeagentapp free trial ran out today ,  cannot subscribe because Abby accidentally canceled my card - still waiting for a new one
Guitar lessons tomorrow. ( I have to wake up early again.
Last day in Exeter! Had last session in gym ,  last breakfast . .  last meeting coming up
i am so dizzy already and i am only on the third page of chapter 73   *  plops head * 
i am soooo sleepy  but i am not a home just yet
So Tired. it is not right to have to get up so early
i have a headache
@livetosingxo and i had oyour first fight
Some of the figyoures quoted are so wildly opti amistic ,  they are the stuff of science fiction.  A bit disapointed in CIBER and SABIP
it is clear intellectually that severing my relationship was best ,  yet my heart seems 2 B in complete disagreement. It hyourts so so much
@ashleeadams I do not  know what to say except  *  hugs * 
10 minutes to boarding; 14 hoyours to home. no window seat
@amerz Love it! I wish my other half could even name web design ladies
#bigfanfriday 2day ,   i go  friggin loose 1 ,  life sucks!!
@ihuntmidgets I just wish @ki ammikennedy would send a bruh a DM  ' I will not be on til '  so I do not  waste my erection on a bot
[Wrong!] #liesboystell your the only one ,  I love (they really have several women)  http/tinyyourl.com/nl6pct
Felt like crap ,  behaved like my son; ate to compensate. Pigged out on home-roasted sugar almonds. Painful tum ,  threw up ,  still feel sick.
right ,  so richard marx is right here waiting is really making me feel nauseatingly sad.
@captblackeagle  miss you captain
@KnightOnline booooo ,  at least give us what the mantanence is for  ?   we ' ve waited this long ,  can we have hints clues or full detail pls  ?  
ready 4 the weekend! yay me. even though once it is over ,  i am the lucky person that gets to work 10 days in a row till i get another one off
@b4dm1n7on I heard that you can not make it!!
At school ,  it is so boring
it is raining . . .  I hate rain . . .   going to shop and drink coffee all day.
@KINOFLYHIGH fuck i shouldnt have left!
hm . . . still workin on my contract.hmm . . . i am feelin awful . . 
@iamdiddy it is so sad that me and my roommate fry chicken just about every night @ 330 4. We just finished tonight is batch
@girlx they are  at the bottom of the thing and are not moving at all. feels bad man.
oowww . . . why do wisdom teeth hyourt so much
@gleeding Need a tickettttt  Gah. Ya you ' ve got me on there ,  reason346 . .  have notlistened to dear Elliott for a few weeks . . . overdue . . 
I can not sleep!!  epp someone is awake and it scared the crap outta me!
beautiful day . . .  and i am working  leaving now so i can get some sun though
@skateramps omfg  whyyyyyy not that sucks ! ! !  and r18  ?    ?   wtf . . .   T.A.I. getcho '  asses down here
I got a new high speed Machine stuffed with latest technology for Development in office but it z crashed now
@kateesslemont i tried. and failed
Elena left this morning. Nine months spent living with her and now it  will probably be about 2 years till I see her again. Hmph.
@Wiccawise21   We are idiots.  Ok mostly I was skint but hell I could ' ve done something . . .  . . 
I was sleeping soo good but just woke up like 10 mins ago n got sick  not feeling so great. I wanna go back to sleep but i am wide awake.
Happy Grey is day everyone! Oh I miss Grey is!!
i am so hungry and i have nothing to eat
oooh battlestar galactica is on the other channel. it is the rebellion episode! man ,  i feel so sad about what became of gaeta.  i liked hi am
@ijoostin Not so good  I think that is my fault though - didn ' t use buttermilk. Recipe was on back of the floyour.
@kirsty_l I got excited when I thought that exhibit was in Sydney. But it is not
Just got bullied by Dillah.  HELP!
dam just finished watching Prison Break: the final break . . . oh my god  i dont think i have  cried so hard for a show . . Finally understand the finale
afaik A LITTLE SAD THAT CROCCOS IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE FOR SALSA WED NIGHTS. BUMMER ! ! ! !IENJOYED GOING THERE WED NIGHTS.
@irrationallogic Yeah daw. Awww . . .   Wear a mask na!
Enjoying the sun with a heavy heart no depeche this weekend  no spending ti ame with the man I love too double gutted
has a headache. wants to go out but does not think it is worth it ,  maybe ,  i do not  know
Is Sitting Alone In A Very Quiet House !
i am up. getting ready for skill. can not wait to fail my bio final yay! ugh ,  honor classes suckkkk.  ):
The doggy is sad  cheer up Jessie!
@paulshadwell Thanks for trying! Done just that and no good  If I can not fathom iti will take it to Apple Store. Sigh . . . 
i am sick and sad it is cold
it is a beautiful day outside today ,  shame i am stuck in the office with the blinds shut to stop glare.
Why am I always the one on ti ame. They are always late. I wanna sleep. I miss Mere.
@RedMummy And it is such glorious weather too - poor you
Never has a 2pm finish looked so enjoyable. Pity i am teetotal for another week
Wide awake and grouchy as fuck.
i keep coughing my guts up
@lucybyourchell sorry we didn ' t get a chance to chat at #screengrab09. Caught gli ampse of you across room but was dragged home prematyourely
@torilovesbradie last thyoursday or yesterday that sucks i missed it  was it at lunch ti ame ox
@pntbtrkisses I agree with @Dog_Crazy it is not worth it - block them  let Twitter police know about harrassment.
@dannymasterson Miss you in that 70s show ! ! !  ! ! ! 
home alone and no one left me any gummy bears
Why did I agree to work on this gorgeous day  ?  
@sixjaw i can so sympathise with that
wished didnt spend money last night
@_supernatyoural_ http/twitpic.com/6695k - hhaha ,  now i wanna cry too
I do not  feel well. I feel like i could throw up ,  and my throat hyourts really bad! Sad day
made dentist appointment. 9th of June. feel sick and nervous already  However. Ibprofen ,  Paracetemol and Codeine are my friends.  *  sigh * 
Off to work now apparently sun shining not a valid excuse to stay home
i am living in ignorance  :@
Not made it to work  could not get up feelin blyourgh
Such a nice day today but stuck indoors revising  3 weeks and it is all over!!
Loving the weather this weekend ,  shame i am back into work tomorrow
i have the bigggest headache
awe . .  gotta go . .  my mom commands me to sleep already . . 
Hulu Desktop looks nice but not for my region
I knew I shouldn ' t have confessed to using phone to look up answers in pub quiz. A shame is now upon me
Have been rolling on the bed for the past 2 hoyours  . . .  Still unable to sleep
I had a bad dream an now i cant go to sleep   KEILIGIRL254
I can not sleep without hi am nearby
@BrodyJenner i live in manchester england but still have never been to london
@RedBaff I have popcorn and fruitcake now . . . but it is just not the same as Chocolate
@zachsang when nina picked up my call lastnight i didnt know she was talking to me and i like totally didnt answerr
LAST DAY in St Andrews . .  i will spend it on west sands! and then packing
Got three shots today.   I can not lift my arms . . . 
it is too early  i wanna go back to sleeep
feeling very stressed and strung out ,  awake at 4.50am ,  mind buzzing . . .  and Mrs Dr. A is not talking to me
@Ste1987 Feel your pain with the hayfever - forgot to take mine yesterday ,  again.
can not believe ER is over
No AC ,  the fan doesnt swing oyour way  . . .  we are sweating it out on a hot humid day
@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 eyouro
@AdamBien good luck. An me waiting that they are online ,  can not be in #JavaONE this year
Dagnamit ,  latest power twitter update is pants - no clickable links
Tired ,  tired ,  tired . .  Didn ' t sleep well last night . .    Thought too much . .  Slept not much . .  Glad that it is almost weekend!
Devon has caught and ate a fly. I dont know why she swallowed a fly. I guess she  will die.
@Karina_Escobar some people seem to be getting over it pretty quick  and the guys to me didn ' t seem to care
My friend went to New York without me and all I got was this pictyoure of her and Will Smith  http/twitpic.com/669l2
my head hyourts
@James_Phelps I was sad yesterday . . 1 of the guys from my fave band quit the band  and they replaced hi am
Finally. Deleted her number from my phone contacts  #heartbreak
@gfalcone601 ohhh ok. thats upsetting  sorry for wasting your ti ame.
@spotibot I am afraid you ' ve had a bit of a #fail as the last two recommendations are not available in the UK
@BeckyBuckwild oh my god  Beckky i love you! you should ' ve won the 250G is  i was rootin for you . .  hows things going  ?  
ahh yes the obligations of a vampire kept me away from twitter.but now i am back  will try 2 update as much as possible.i lost a donor
@chescaaaaaa  yeaaaahh.
@JackAllTi ameLow I wish I could go to your melboyourne show but my parents will not let me   *  cries * 
I had a dream that I went to Evo fest ,  but I didn ' t.
i m totally confused and bored . .  my life must change!!
@christineknight Poor love  Hope you get to relax somehow on the weekend.
@lesley007 Morning Lesley . . . ya making me jealous
waiting for someone is SMS. it is been weeks and nearly a month  :  ?  
I wish i could sleep past foyour a.m. on my nights off  good morning!
Want 2 transfer my Naini trip pictyoures 2my comp so I can upload thm on web bt i dnt hv my USB  Snt few via multi amedia @ 5 Rs/pic. Expnsiv!
@gemmak500 Know exactly what you mean  i have  lost too many friends. I do feel for you all
I am such a worthless person. No one i love loves me back the way that they should.
@AubreyODay  Aubrey ,  i know i speek for a lot of fans when i say we miss seing you on T.V. I hope we will be seeing you again   . . . 
i dont like funerals
So guttered that Ruby got eli aminated from NZNTM . .   i am all about supporting the locals. Haha. Hosanna better not win . . !
I miss my wacom. Especially the mouse. Laptop touch pad is horrible
is on twitter for the second day running. This is what study leave does to me! If only my car were in one piece
the day goes on and on . . . i think i am gonna write a song about it! still thinking it is i ampossible for me to get a true friend  why   ?     ?     ?     ?  
@C_J_Stuart Unfortunately not yet ,  I am still without licence.
@Eminem can not wait for that!! recently bought metallia guitar hero but cant play it coz my sony tv went kaput!
@ShesElectric_ i am in bed sick atm-been sick since yesterday   hru hun  ?  
@EPMorgan I know!  I can read bt I can not sit outside coz I gota answer the phone
@kev_watson   Sorry address was wrong. where I put samuel in the address ,  it should be just sam. I am having a stupid brain day today.
@ShaneSakata Hi Shane ,  that link does not seem to work
I can not get to bed
rain got so big weather so cold right now
tonight was a very bad night
@kaliie i am sorry but LOL! what is this about  ?   waitt . . .  you think your mum would still let you do bday stuff this weekend  ?  
@Loulou_de_B You have to email her - she only gets what people want in so they are not on the site. Shame about the trousers
@RedBaff alright - was only joking - I just said no wine here  - fool me maybe  ?   - I don;t like drinking
@msalonen I can not get it to load.  And I wanted everyone to see my Bette Davis Eyes remix video today. boooooo
@bagginsboy oh yes. There was no feasts left
can not wait to see marco later; not feeling my best
Dangit! I just got my Kiss Album in and it is the wrong color.
RIP Robin from the Washington Park library
@JaylaStarr  I guess you are not interested !!
@Ki amP19 I know . . .   it is already been two weeks!
School is going to be absolutely horrible today. Peace out ,   ' 09
@BrianLehrer  The ONE day I want to listen to you live and the stream is down  Enjoy you on podcast ALL the ti ame.
Driving to work running late like always . . . . No ti ame for starbucks
a dog got hit by a car in front of jamies house
booo Dario let TK get a hair cut
today has not started out very well
@onlyme614 girl yes ,  as if having it where you CANT see it wont gross enough
Working ! ! !  Still sick
I forget how much I miss my tribe til I have li amited access to talking to them. Spotty internet in the country so I will not be here long.
it is my last friday of my high school years!
Is sick today
@Smileyquanta oh ,  is it good  ?   i have  been wanting to watch that movie but nooobody would watch it w/me
@KristinHolder aww i am sad  i didn ' t get to go to your going away party!  stupid work!
About to go to my last theater lunch  i am gonna cry.
I am writing the most boring part of my paper. Hmm. The sun is shining and I do not feel like working on this ,  however I have to
@taylorswift13 soooooo wish i could ,  but i am in school and myspace is completely blocked
@WerewolfJacob Thank you for the shout out . . when you get ti ame to chat with me come back! I miss you terribly
wow . .  tomorrow and then it is over.i will never see some of those people again. it is kind of sad.
HES BACK ! ! ! !! OH NOES ! ! ! ! have you missed me  ?    Work has been insane and the band has really taken off so i have nothad a moment to myself
i never get any followfridays
@xkaraxcupcakex  i am sorry. This is all so sad.
@Layoura_McKay2009 sadly no ,  sitting inside as mobile signal will not work in the garden  i will be opening the wine at bang on 5pm though!
@xjaded25x not helping!
Stuck in office till 5. it is so warm outside
@dwhelan i have  wondered about rake to.  The client has made it clear .NET only ,  do not  force devs to learn a new lang  #agile #ccnet
Oops spent too much already lol 50 quid gone
i have  been sick for the past few days  and thus ,  my hair looks wierd.  if i didnt have a hat on it would look . . .  http/tinyyourl.com/mnf4kw
Recession hit Veronique Branquinho ,  she has to quit her company ,  such a shame!
@apostropheme i am a real BOY goddamit ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !! guh. apostro. i feel sad. the library lady thinks i am stupid. SHE is STUPID.  j
Where is  poss   i miss hi am
i am at my saddest right now. I lost my mobile phone earphones. Waz feels a little incomplete and I feel the same
if i wasnt workin in 5 hoyours id be gettin ratarsed to the point where i couldnt even see let alone stand up . . . THAT is how shit i feel
@streetztalk physics  the most boring class ever!
@katcal i am relying on my mobile ,  which lacks reception. Trying to help ,  but just looking silly
@lewace11 that sucks man
Grew fat today  GSS was so hxc I saw a full house Chanel ,  JC ,  Pedder Red and Ferragamo! How great is the economic downtyourn.
No more mrs. reilly
Wah ,  my fav whattabyourger location is closing on the 31st. Damn. Good thing i am moving.  Damn  Mon/fri will not be the same
Gotta go now  . .  i am going to Circus  . .  the real Circus not Britney is Toyour  sadly  . . 
need some Pizza . . . can not get out of office
@mycaricatyoure My pleasyoure and sorry to hear about the pollen thing
@claireyjonesy LMAO i want hi am to reply  booooo you @tommcfly REPLY TO ONE OF US lmfaoooo
@Tiffany_in_VA i am not getting your updates to my phone  i am trying to figyoure it out but it makes me sad!
Is home from MARCO ISLAND and missing it and my girls already . . . back to work!
i only hav 8 followers                 !
oh . . . my foot is hyourting now. About 5 minutes after I took it out though.
not feelin so hot
My anticipated meet up with Tapan Parikh is no more  apparently he wont pass by Nairobi ,  and will head straight from Mombasa
@davidtreynolds but but but. I want steak
Parents decided to drop in on their toyour-de-US. The whole family is at my house. I am at work
@Rainbowcentre No  sadly it is not  bit disappointed will try again later see if i change my mind
i cant hear anything outta my left ear
At work  oh no it is the first day of monthly visitor ahhhhhh
Anotha day of work  not lookin forward i hate closin fri
@mgiraudofficial  i would give anything to be there. too bad i am in tennessee.
this hot day is making me tired
@AdInteri am Still jealous
@kevholditch it is NOT good.  1 of oyour directors said we could go home and the other said back to work  boo! It was good while it lasted.
My stomach hyourts so bad
I dont wanna get out of bed i wanna go back to sleep . .  i have to open the store at work though
@TheReal_RedBone stop that babe u makin me feel very bad now! 
Sick kid trumps advance planning.  Bummer
@Sweena  . . .  so I can not charge you by the hoyour then  ?  
@Pharriell nothing  let is stay quiet together. ps: did you cry  ?  
So effing tired  http/bit.ly/e0ZFz
Only foyour hoyours and fifteen minutes until three day packing spree ! ! !  Ugh work
@benjamin_cook you make me sad. Why do I like in canada  ?   I can never watch these things. I should move. Know anyone who needs a roommate  ?  
@SuFiGirl35 well that is no way to start the day off  ! ! ! 
Jus back after watching Night at a Museum 2 . . .  . . would rate it 5 on 10
Didn ' t bring connector for camera on trip . . . saving new photos will have to wait another week . . . 
it is so sad
@mixonn we watched the today show we didnt see you though
Have spent half of the day troubleshooting something that was not even within my control. Clusters does not always mean high availability.
I have a headache. And I have nobody to keep me company.   _wants.to.be.a.kidd.again3
I think I may cry. I just sold my 97 civic. it is no longer mine.
I hate when you cant sleep
@aianna21 @nandiaramos Sadly not ,  no. they are  his colleagues and it is a work party
@JonathanRKnight I wish I was there.i have  just moved from San Diego to WA and i am very depressed ,  I miss sunny San Diegoooooooo!!
just got off work . . .  working night shift at the hospital 12 hrs a day is starting to get to me . . . 
is really wishing you would just let me go and let me fight this on my own . . . i am tired of feeling like shit because of you ! ! ! 
didnt do my devos . . .   hopefully my day doesnt suck because of it.
Havnt gotten any in months  my ex seems into dating but there is not that spark anymore  still in love with loser who left me
@pistol62 Is the Bee to Busy to talk to his buddy on Yahoo  ?  
has work to go to.
Getting into the swing of things. I miss someone
Ughh none of my apps are working !  phone why do you hate me !
Work . . . 
@Kay26  *  sigh *  me miss them days !!
New issue of @olivemagazine in the office . . . desperately want to flick through but have so much to do. It  will have to wait
@JonathanRKnight actually ,  I wish I was back in Tahoe.  I miss it there.
mcdonalds mccafe tastes like chewin on a cigarette butt.  I miss my sonic card
@marvelvscapcom doesnt work already
@epiphanygirl i am so upset i didn ' t get tickets . . .  3 of my all ti ame FAV artists at one venue
is upset ,  I left my phone at home again
@AsiaRain22 @ the expensive of their workers welfare  other than that they are the shit !
Checking out Ciege Cagalawan is S/S Collection and I am regretting that I did not see his collection tonight  I got invites!
I didn ' t get the job at Stuff Magazine  Dammit ,  that would have been amazing!! Oh well.
@DinoB937 ask mark if he still has that old blink sense of humor!! i miss it
going out on thyoursdays is a terrible idea. i knew there was a reason i have notdone it all quarter.  *  pops advil * 
is exhausted.
@RetroRewind i have to wok a nite shift tonite so will miss it  please DM me ,  i promise i wont tell anyone else ;0)  ! ! ! 
@althearicardo: 3 hrs to go pa ako
Field day is sad. No ribbons for me.
@jasondjki am i knowwww . .  i cant deal. this 9-5 life is not for me
@kjNYC it is depressing
Have $#@ ! ! !  Malware on my work PC!  I miss having an IT dept
At work . . .  What a miserable day
I feel like such a failyoure this morning
Finally finished exams  home not watch Otalia  the PBP on BPD - no Otalia today  hmm! via http/twib.es/COP
I think i need some new friends
Finishiing up the Training Exercise in New mexico . .   Not looking forward to the 19 hoyour bus ride home this weekend.
@1capplegate still sad about Samantha Who  ?  
a bird flew into window at my parents house and snapped his poor neck. gotta byoury hi am
looking out window is depressing it is so beautiful out and I am in here
@iAlejandro Aww I thought you forgot me last night. I was  I hardly have my twitter on my phone so just text me in the evenings ok  ?  
Sry but other day tweets were MIA - twitter network glitch ,  but story was re: funeral mix-up ,  as in wrong remains delivered to ea.
might have to go back much earlier than expected. bye bye bay area
Covering for @grntyourtle it is slow today  lonely
@macmuso not in Hobart sorry
@JerryAZ most definately! They are having a hard ti ame ,  cuz i am so young  never saw this ,  but I wrkd hard making cars  now i am disabled
None of the people I talk to in my P.E. class are here  i am going to be so bored all period.
@kellykfog Totally unsyourprised that Dave is not coming back to 10@10. But Annalisa is wrong for it ,  opposite of big warm mellow Dave.
why doesnt he want me anymore
If Hamilton gets a hockey team ,  I really think the name Hamilton should be in the team name. If not , i will be sad.
binstruct suffers from an update of the mib package . . .  and the developer of that package is on holidays
@GarethCliff my heart hyourts for them. i amagine how shit their skin will be when they are  twenty from all the stuff they smeer on it. shame
I think my computer is sick
@jessiemayumi Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself  ?    there is big money to be paid http/bit.ly/1864ml
@DonnieWahlberg i am not feeling very inspired today . . . I was suppose to be @ the B ' ham concert tonight!
@JonathanRKnight welcome back! i am stuck in jyoury duty today.
This weather is awful! I just want to cyourl up and read a book all day
@NacMacFeegle Sad to see . . . despite my being glib about it
@TheRealScarab and this is better 4 me than a snickers bar or hersheys w/almonds . . .  which i use to b addicted to b4. i miss them  LOL
@Sadandbeautiful That sucks about your prints. Sorry
has the day open until 4. do not  know what to do. everyone is leaving today
Watching Scrubs season 2. Oh i am gonna miss that show
Not a happy bunny
@kiddshow @deviantlysweet @causei amrossome still no shout out for Spider
it is ti ame for me to pack up at work now and have not had much ti ame for twitter!  Thank you for any follow fridays. Be back later!
@Doonyti ame I have no Minstrels   I might have to grab some from the petrol station before I head back to work.  They are delicious!
Hope your all havin a nice Friday! Been feeling down this past week since my dog is passing . . . 
 * sigh *  my @ubank USB died on my this afternoon. R.I.P ,  you will be missed! I hadn ' t even had the chance to parade you around yet
Anyone ever had that heavy feeling of sadness in their hearts  ?   Thats my case rite now.
Lmao i come on mad replies i am like damn i am missed  . . .  Damn follow friday lmao so i am still not i amportant or missed
My modem has been offline for a week now . . .  God bless the 3g network. Ti am just left . . .  Again!! May schedule has been brutal
Wants to go sit in a park but should really be painting the bathroom
going to funeral today for friend and classmate who died in a car wreck last Friday
whenever it rains it is so hard to get motivated
I wish yesterday was Friday
 Looking through my old stuff and found a record from my old band! Well , a band that I was in for about a month. Ever heard of    ?  
going to eat with my aunt soooon ,  not getting ready just changing.   i hope today is a goood day  idk i miissss hi amm
@CEO_INTHEMAKING :aw
The CD  player in my car is broken.  So much for listening to my Kidz Bop Happy Meal CD.
bored well it is not like any one can see this i havent got any friends
(@zachflauaus) Note to self: never ever leave the MacBook Pro on the stupid iCyourve. It fell off.
feels not good at all
Last day for seniors bye bff
@HilaryKennedy i would share mine. but i have no hair
W4M: No clever headline ,  Sorry  (Salt Lake City) 29yr http/tinyyourl.com/mpoghc
Happy Sammy is going 2 here 2morrow!! But unfortunatly i am not gone be able 2 go 2 the club he performing @
just woke up ,  it is layoura is last full day here  Last night we watched embarrassing home movies
Heading to the gym.  The group of guys that USED to go with me has all quit . . . well ,  except for Brandon.   Makes me terribly sad
Nothing like yoga to clear the mind and make you realize how crappy things really are
GAWD!. If only that dream actually happened last night . . . 
last day working for Tend
my ipod came back to me after visit is to cali ,  china ,  and alaska . . . but it is at home and i am @ work . . . 
is  *  ugh *  what a miserable looking day. 54 degrees. Where did summer go  ?  
spent all morning watching Eddie Izzard is Glorious! SO funny . . .  realli shud hav studied thou . . . 
gutted ! ! !  vodafone wont repair my faulty Samsung Omnia due to non existent water damage  grrrrr
Just started raining in earnest . . .  guess golf is off for today . . . 
pff ,  Life sucks someti ames!
http/tinyyourl.com/nqudrt - Hyourt my finger at work
http/twitpic.com/61ov1 - @martinhiggins  i ahte stress ,  it is supposed to be friday! it makes me wanna cry
@lilabiem awww  do not  do this to meee haha now you are gonna make me saddd
You know that  ' rule '  that says always point the knife away from you  ?   Just  learned my lesson on that one! Straight through my finger!
I think my cheap sunglasses are falling apart. Oh well
getting bored of walking up and down the stairs
@Juicytots you getting a ton of spam mail into your inbox  ?    ?   I am too . . .  driving me insane!!
i am officially on holiday! A week in Center Parcs ,  no internets  bye my peeps ,  see you when I retyourn . . . 
@ozzblair  hugs for the bad day you are having  ?  
NO! Keyboard Cat is/has been dead for YEARS! Play yourself off ,  Keyboard Cat.
i am feeling very alone at the moment   Mh . . i am going to leave now.
i am gonna fail this test miserably in history
Back to reality . . .  boo
#asylm yay registered but lost all my friends
good news: my flat is great at regulating temps. in the heat. bad news: it is sodding lovely outside and i am working!
All the people I talk to are GONE
@1outside a jo; tak nic no
@woodywoodford unfortunately I didn ' t leave the house in ti ame
Overslept. While the extra sleep was nice ,  it does play havoc with the days to-do list.
Getting my phone taken away
My cat has been missing for 2 days. I am freaking out.
all my worms either escaped or died  bums!
Dam only 5 votes  not gonna win anything now
i am sick!  it sucks! i am me! ohbabayy33
Just Finished My English Final . . . Just One Step Closer To The End.
My leg broke ,  now I am waiting untile i can go again
@forgetmaine there is a 9 year waiting list to get an appointment.
Bummer . . .  I missed Taylor Swift on the Today show!  Those were my only plans for the day ! ! ! 
should not have waled past the Quad! I want to be outside having fun.
@HBSExecEd that was the class I was keen on. Guess I have to wait for next summer. bummer.
@Visadharah i am still at Disney (just trained at Soarin) ,  Rose is the same ,  we applied for an apartment last night ,  and Eric lost his job
@SeanLights Nooooo ! ! ! !! Dont You Dare! Lol =( i am Gonna Cry  I 3 your Hair!
another rainy day
@TheCubs Cubbies at an even .500. So what else is new  ?    No matter: Beat dem Bums! #chicago #baseball
@evonmichelle it is my mum is. LOL They have notgot me anything yet.  Sad ,  Sad . . .  haha
@Wizardess I got a coupon ,  but I could not register it because you have to be in the US
horrible dreams last night  also had one in which i was employed . . . sigh ,  if only.
Sorry if i am unsociable i am loading up stock in the shop ,  mums making me
Traffic jams are rubbish. Anyone know what is going on on the A48 between Cowbridge and Cardiff  ?   We are stuck both directions
another gorgeous day here in Pau . . . will be home this ti ame in 2 weeks though ,  such a depressing thought!
Good Morning Folks 13 more days to go! and sadly 2 more days of the Giro  but that means the Toyour is not too far away
Drop the girl she is only got it for your heart she is syoure to leave broke and bleeding ,  and you know she  will tyourn her back on you.  I lo  . . . 
@billbathgate  . . . any  sorry wahh!! lub u toooo 
@LuvinMeSomeD That is how it was for me in March . . . it came sooo slow . . then it was over in a heartbeat
Finally back from the stupid holiday ! Missing the fit bar men though
@GavinHolt i wish i was outside
ooh@LuLu_Bell whatchu goin as  ?   Monsterpalooza is this weekend for us.  on the no Ink ,  i will not be a stressed contestant this year! Miss U X0
@bi ambler I have too much work to drink now.   but I do love afternoons in the pub.
i got ill and tomorrow ive got birthday . . . 
@ji ammycarr i have  been sat sunbathing in the bombed out chyourch all day and left and missed you
watching chicago. @bambamonline honeyyyy i am with you I miss me some hey arnold! and wild thornberrys
Congrats to ALL Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing  Big DEAL! I jus wish i cudve attended My lil man Ryan kdg graduation  Feel verY SAD!
@SoSi amplyMe. i am sitting here with this girl that yourk my nerves damm yo
well , only one week left of my holidays , sad sad
@AndresHenriquez thanks for the #ff shoutout -you stuck an extra e in my username tho ,  so the link does not work
MY PUFFFFY IS LEAVINGGGGGGG  NOOOOOOOOO
@izzyvideo Izzy ! ! !  So sorry to hear that - what a disaster
Rainy day today.  No car so we are stuck in the house   I needed to go to the post office too . . . bastards
thanks goyourmetcook! But cold shower wouldn ' t help.
@katieeeian143 you are missing the devil wears prada ! ! ! !! sad . . . 
My hairstylist left the salon without telling me where she was going.   Damn!
TGIF ,  too bad the weather sucks . . . 
@skoosie probably not. I hate when that happens!
PSA::::: Being that i have  been usuing twiddict- my last 14 tweets have yet to show on the bored. Bare w me.
Just paid my bills now I have no money
@pampian I want to know who is that   ?    ?  .6  I tried to ask P ' KIA but he still not reply me  but now he change his status to  ' away ' 
Warhammer 40k: Space Marines  ' officially '  announced ,  only for 360 and PS3.  No luck for PC gamers
@JoeWitless more nightmares  ?     *  huggles * 
ugh back to work today
I hate being young
@RichardMadeley Oh ,  final msg - Why didn ' t you review my boardgame Bookchase when you were on telly  ?   We didn ' t even get a nice letter . . 
Field day . . .  Gt class . . . not winning . . . 
loves florida but misses her american friends
michael scofiled Noooooo !!  I hate the writer ,  director n production
@1Shan no sir . . . i woulda put honey . . . but i do not  have any
@YankeeGirl20 besides I have nothad strep for like 10 years because of that reason. i am more tired than anything else
darn it. I did it again.!  keep forgetting that darn D for DM is . . . .
@jaceypants well piss on that. I can not get into their site @ work nor does it come thru on my phone.
@CinemaChic I have the most failyoures using Lacie drives
@AsherUK i wanted to go for my birthday . . . 
@omarjdavis lolol . . . i was trying to do that this morning but sadly i couldnt
Another long walk in the heat . . .  I hate this . . . 
Spyed Princess Anne today ,  and listented to all my friends cooking up the perfect evening ,  Working sucks for me and OB   ?  
just watched devil wears prada ,  and i want to live in new york city more than ever. why must i be so poor
@Jamjar84 that is mean of them!
@acmayourer No wonder I didn ' t get into yourbana
I ran out of Eclipse mints
@pennynash I was scared by the Daleks in the DW Exhibition in Cardiff.
I ran outta bathroom passes.  maybe mrs. French will be nice today  ?  
for all the effort and ti ame put into some of these relationships with people ,  you learn enough not to trust anyone . . . 
@faulko1 i am watchign the garden from the window . . . far too hot for me
I slept so late
 . . . aw i want classic byourger.
i always feel last.
@CostaVidaFred awwwwww sorry we are going to miss you!
@kirstiealley So you wouldn ' t reply to my gorgeous hot pink shoe then  ?  
Okay I lied! I meant this ti ame next week! That is sooo much longer!!  I miss my mommy . . . 
on the way home  ,  no sleep  makeup and pedicyoure then graduation ceremony
@Debut_Steve yes . . . but now i am not going to be paid to be in the pub
@deegospel Hey Dee . . .  I wish I could make it to the mastermind session tomorrow  i am in a wedding in Statesboro. hope to chat soon.
wishing I got fij
@getape I had bad net issues on Weds so could not broadcast  Am on tonight tho . . .  tune in for new anthems and bad mixing!
Someone stole my new laptop at the airport. have noteven used it. Guess the US economy is breeding a new set of opportinists
is tanning with emily! too bad it is prob gonna rain
I think I have hayfever. Not syoure due to wearing next to nothing in horrific weather on wed.
@kiso666 oh my god  ! ! ! ! I feel bad ,   .Was it good  ?                ;
Lunch ti ame! Feeling really odd today ,  generally not great
Shopped til i dropped . . . come bac sunshine i miss u
@joebyourkel Looks like they dialed it in a LOT . . . payed attention to all the small but i amportant details in gameplay . . . still no blood tho
@krist0ph3r Anything for @sgElectra. So sorry man  I am not a patsy generally . . . 
@Enchanted_Myst I am soooo disappointed that that is what he looks like btw! The i amage is gone
Once again ,  i am dealing with cancer in my direct family. Bugger  Cancel sucks!
@KillzoneDotCom  tis a sad day
My stomach effing hyourts. Sadly there  will be no gym class this afternoon
@lestockdrop i wish i was there too
@faizis i wish for kiau to go cat heaven too. and meet my seuss
@SteveChaiGuy your Steve Chai sounds awesome.  *  wishes she had one now *  But i am stuck with: Ido not knowwhatdamnbrandcoffeethisis
Cab is so slow so I will probably miss the first beer . . . 
I AM SUCH A CREEPER  I feel disappointed because of it. Damn my cyberstalking skills   the internet = no more privacy.
@tinogomes @MarceloN passed away
in school w. linda doing nothing  ;i miss you
Just got up thinkin about how weird it is w/out oyour dog
@TeeRibbzz noo . .  U dont even know how upset I am right now . . 
Well ,  @suzylake I discovered I can not swi am.  i am out.  Sorry
@gaspsiagore stunningly beautiful and new piece do not  usually go together. Wish I could go
shares I miss my niece and nephew. http/tinyyourl.com/mrgqdc http/plyourk.com/p/x1ap6
Experiencing pain with paginating ASP.NET ListView controls
i dont get it
Sorta needs to somehow forget that it is E3 in LA practically dyouring my ethics exam and self-i amposed revision ti ame.
Beyonce helps me through the day ,  i am starting to get sick
Oh my poop. Stupid Twitter will not let me put up a new pictyoure.
(@MeowMeowHotMix) My chick wont shut up  Will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
My head is starting to ache again ,  and I have to reinstall operating systems on 31 computers.
@hookedonwinter   your pictyoure makes me thristy EVERYDAY!
the columbus blue jackes may be movieing to anew city to play at  thats sad news
stupid rain ,  now oyour picnic is cancelled till tomorrow
Wants to go home with the seniors
Philadelphia Phillies '  Brett Myers out indefinitely with injyoured hip - http/tinyyourl.com/megxu2 (via @PHI_Phillies) nooooo
Will this rain ever go away ,  my puppy is getting cabin fever and she does not like going out in the rain
crying so hard . . .  . . . 
@theguigirl Awwww . . . thanks!!  Unfortunately ,  everything closes at 4pm in Sweden on a friday. Presentation is 9am Monday.
ughhh have a tummy ache
Why are we busy ugh I have the largest headache
has had a fab day on placement ,  But working all weekend.
it is a gorgeous day and i am going to work allll day  Just gotta keep telling myself it is for NYC!!
I only think of you as breaking my heart ,  i am trying to keep it together but i am falling apart.
pengen nonton Friens of mine comeback show di prost beer house kemang besok . .  tapi ga bisaaaaaaaaaa . . 
@silenceiseasy no no no lol I cut my bangs like Kate Hudson in bride wars a few months ago and it was super cute. Looks diff this ti ame
@shutupandspinx3: yay! Lol. Now I know how you felt when I was gone.
@davenavarro6767 Not Columbus but just wanted to say sorry to be missing Indiana show tomorrow. So sad  I will be in the woods with 8 GS.
missing ontario . . 
what a bad day 1 of my close relative has died so i wont be going to florida
phew! i am MELTING!  stupid fan - you picked a good day to stop working
@meeshel that sucks.   did you save any of it  ?  
bad grades again
@michelleweber  Been there and never at a good ti ame   your recoyourse is small clai ams or you can get a atty involved. But that is more $
no internet in my pocket   edge network down in denver   *  sob * 
@kdelbonis Well I can not get Cupcake because I can not connect to T-Mobile is network because my Si am card is corrupted
VCenter is screwing up on me today.  More specifically the MSSQL server that it connects to.
@iamlittleboots all my recording eqpmnts out. a full day 2 myself and minds gone blank. outfit for G-A-Y still nt arrived eitha
@alwaysmuah Hey Ruthie girl . . .  u send me all these lovely twitts but never respond!  i am hyourt . . .  how is Mikey and Dion  ?  
heading up to the farm   dont want to i wanna stay here and talk with my boyfriend . . .  STUPID MOM FOR MAKING ME GO UP .
@LolzyluvsJB Neither could i! And i looked on ebay and it was like 250 eyouro for two ! ! ! ! but i doubt my parents would fork that amount out
there is something about this area that makes my tonsils swell up everyday. i do not  get it . .   i feel slightly miserable. #FF done 4 now!!
@RetroBakery I would have to agree on the Bacon Cupcake . . .  Would rather drive 2 the shop instead of 2 the office
@nettagyrl What makes me sad is when I follow someone I converse with and have si amilar bios ,  but they do not  follow me back!
browsin thru the videos in my multiply and i saw the video u sang with my bf. i miss you ,  N. we all miss you. pls come back wherever u r.
Now i am all sad becausei will probably never see Fleetwood Mac.
I feel guilty bc I think it is my fault the hard drive died
Could do with some messages to cheer me up   ! ! ! !! @RobynLouise1993 @leahstakes @MissKeriBaby @jewlear @Celenko @sarahbeeny @Beverleyknight
is in the costume shop cleaning and STARVING. Bring me food   ?     ?     ?   
@PhilipHotchkiss Sorry ,  but I do not  see a Twitter user named @TomClain
@IamChrisMann i am just sick of stupid guys but for a moment u make me believe not all of them suck then I get back to reality
@thinkgeek cyourses upon the ridiculously slow internetz at work!  The dang i amage just now loaded . . . 
@flyyKiDDangel lmao I need a shopping partner today.
@LinkedInBrian Unfortunately ,  I will be nowhere near the beach. I have fam in that area ,  too.
darn it that was supposed to be a haiku but the formatting failed me.
Really wants to buy new clothes
walk was grand peeps lol feet are really hyourting now thought 
How could they kill hi am  ?   Hollyoaks made me sad.
i need to get my life together aka my apartment all cleaned and back how it was before my birthday
- me and my mom is cars were broken into.  I feel violated.
My car is in the car hospital for the nxt 7 days  I gotta go pick up a loaner car b4 6! Bein without wheels 4 7day will set me back heavy!
@tcwmatt oh no ! ! !   well . . . . When you get back lots of pictyoures ! ! ! 
@cheetham Alas ,  we can not broadcast the lunches as we have no bandwidth in those rooms
I SO should ' ve gone right now ! ! !   *  wish I could alter ti ame!!   *  
Tracy and Berwick breaks my achy breaky heart  They split ways in the hallways.
@deadlyknit ishade  OOh but you soon get to meet the dung mice!!
Awh ,  it is the last day of the toyour i will miss hangin w/@sendoutscuds and Children 18. Soooo . . . let is make it an awesome nite in OK!!
@semipenguin they are gone after I restarted TwetDeck   ,  and I wanted to follow  the peeps that I got posted frommy friends 
@Brookeleeadams Gutted you will not be on live office girls anymore
Taking my brother to the airport  Then gym.
@esatt you do not  wanna see me while you are here  ?  
just got home from school and from the wake of my friend is father.  so tired . . 
is off to get her hair cut in the morning ,  and is not looking forward to spending a weekend alone
Life can get soo Dull someti ames what do you do when u have no 1 around  x
i am too busy at work today . . . it is interferring with socializing
Broke Up with girlfriend ,  FEELING Very lonely and heartbroken  Sad ti ames guys (N)
@LolzyluvsJB Yeaa i am so sad i have  watched her live performances in Peru etc and they are EPIC!   I wish she would just come to N.I! lol xo
the mall i once worked at has tyourned into a very depressing place
(@isabelmariee) oh snap
@daaku @danishk lol . .  zzzzy in office and i am alone in my bay again.
http/twitpic.com/66q88 - So . . . I do not  have a PE  but I do have a Pocket Artoo!
it is raining . . 
@thewordaliveaz  I was SUPPOSED to be coming . . . life got in the way lol give my friends a wild ti ame ! ! ! 
@joinrick cool ,  not a big user of DM though
I really despair over the whole copyright situation http/bit.ly/yLY0I ~ being visually i ampaired means you do not  deserve to read  #sccr18
I do not  like waiting
tryin not to fall asleep at work . . . 
My wife lost her sprint blackberry 8330 on a bike ride in AM.  Anyone have an extra BB laying around  ?   retweet
@QueenBofMakeup I need to do some more post but I do not  have ti ame on this toyour   . . .  . . .  . . .  Apologies to all my supporters.
@jvfriedman can not! need to work on overti ame project at lunchti ame.    Sorry!
So now ,  I have conjunctivitis in my left eye. Is this a sign of something  ?   What did I do wrong to deserve this  ?  LOL i am dying people!
is very disappointed that cadbyoury chocolate blocks got smaller
Hicks are mean!
I miss my baby
@myhaloromance My camera is brokennn
@hippyofdoom I didn ' t even get a chance to shop @ Aldi!
@bunbyouryette Come online! I need someone to talk to
@Jenfidel Thanks I decided to just give up on my old HQ and go with this account. Scoundrels won
My back is killing me. Stupid softball
Again ,  i am stuck in traffic jams  . . .  Somewhat starting to be the same situation every day. That is sad ,  really
Irony: Inventor of Ford Mustang can not keep his car   http/tinyyourl.com/lpmvtk via @JeffHolton:
@morethanfine I wish we could make a quick trip to LA in July  I miss LA
@THE_WOCKEEZ @DonnieWahlberg do not  wanna miss ANY of your shows . . . you guys kick it! Sad to say . . . my plane is in the shop . . . 
Conference call arranged for 4.30pm today just blew my leaving early out the window
@AyeshaM13 bored in class. I wanna go home.
@Subville  . . . snuggles you back . . .  . . everyones telling me to get over it  . . . but ive had her 15 years  x
Why do you hyourt me  ?   Does it bring you joy to see me cry  ?   You know I love you more then anything and yet u break my heart everyday!
My feet are killing ,  i have  walked miles in search of an art shop . . . does not seem like Ealing has one
RIP to officer Edwards. May GOD continue to bless his family. What is up wit cops killing cops. Seen the same thing happen on The WIRE.
I want to see Drag Me to Hell. But I get the feeling none of my friends will go w/ me
@agoodeye I am soooo disapoointed I could not make it  I will be there next ti ame! Glad it was productive.
why does zero have to have thomas in it  ?  
@frazzel It wouldn ' t let me download it cos it said i am the UK. I had a little cry.
Ahhh i am engulfed in shooooes. Who told me to buy so maany damn shoes
@hummingbird604 yeah it can be tough some ti ames . . 
Another day in jyoury duty.
is very upset to see carys and donna go today    miss you both hugely already ! ! !  (Yes ok it is only been like 3 hoyours) haaa . . waaaah
is sitting at home wishing that i didnt have to work today. ask for it off and still have to work
I was so close into entering Pogue  is book today  World according to twitter  ,  yet now I seem so far. ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
On the road again. I miss my traveling traveling partner
i wish i could go to meet in the middle tomorrow.
@GatorsNow my feelings are hyourt
Oh man . . . my fiance just got off work and I start mine in 1 hoyour . . . so not fair . . . .
@Lizzidoll I wish I was in va too
@MikeandBobShow   Awww ,  that was not very nice.
Frank from UPS '  last day today . . .   sad to see hi am go   best delivery guy EVER!  Hope the new guy is NOT a fucktard . . . 
@jacobmaestas I do not  thinki will ever have one of those again
@wethehunter there is no sun here in florida . . it is all rainy and cloudy.
it is so sad when the dad dies  hakuna matana it means no worries for . . . 
@_supernatyoural_ http/twitpic.com/6695k - Awwww poor boys!  *  cries *  So sad . . 
@andyjih Yep . . . sadly I only had 10 min before a meeting!
@ohit isbigron Dang . . .  that IS disappointing
TGIF. ,  . . i wish that saying applied to me ,  but i work Satyourdays
damn i miss my bf
@THE_WOCKEEZ i am missin u guys by a day!! Ill b there tomorrow  butttt see u june 18th with the blockkkkk ! ! ! !
@anomalei Well ,  i am glad i am not the only one! Mine is so bad i am having to resort to pulling out the old hairband disguises . . . 
i am going to stop tweeting and do my LSAT studying now.
@glamorousamanda I wish i could have a pole ,  we got no space for it  maybe i should throw out some fyournityoure and get a pole
what am I going to do without my @brandinmusic  ?  !  SKYPE! haha
I miss my Jeep  Now I have to bum a ride to the dreaded ,  horrid Walmart. Boo.
Damn fallout 3 is a hard game
@LiamJHayter  Chroma Key coolness  . . .  When are the cumulus seminars going online could not see the live feed here
@freecitysoul my film didn ' t come out  the camera was broken. lamesauce.
@lifeasiceyit Yessum.  We  will see how this year goes . . .  maybe I can head back in Oct ,  when the rates go down. I wanted to go for my bday
I think i am about to break my own heart. (as emo as that sounds) . . .  meh.
dammit i cant watch stadium music
Laying in bed sore and snuggeling domino . . .  I do not  wanna work out today
@Jo_Saunders09 haha lol where have you been going  ?   . . . I have notreally been out lol . . i have  been a hobbit . . n my mums like keep revisin beck
it is raining  I can not go out to jogging . . .  I have to do it in my house gym . . . 
thought I was going to have a fun day
Felt one tooth without the braces bracket. I got soooo hype
this phyllis hyman unsung story is so SAD
at work with a HUGE headache
i feel like shit
@maxi amillian62 Oh dear . . .  that is just . . .  distyourbing.   The coffee connoisseyour in me just died a little.
Got people do not  let me skip sci pratical becos skola is i ampt and dont waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
my knees are sore after physio
My coffee got cold blah!
i lost my phone.
Why Does She Keep Trying To Hyourt Me  ?   are not The Tears i have  Cried In The Past Few Months Enough  ?  
it is always sunny on days when i can not possible be outside.  life is out to get me
@_katieedwards I can not yet back ,  i have  run out of texts! i will ring you laters xoxo
@ingek73 i am on blip but can not get it to work on me iPhone
Got people do not  let me skip sci pratical becos skola is i ampt and cannot waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
Awww sunthings wrong w/ my ubertwitter last nite.
am about to sell my Medieval trading pavillion . . .  v sad
Ordered a new computer! Unfortunately it will not get here until the end of June.
Two dozen roses sent  overnight and delivered this morning. Just found out the recipient is out of town!! Sad
Ewww just printed my new I.d badge thingie 4 work n eww my pictyoure. I took so many n they were all ugly
@godiegogo12 well atm anyway i am only managing cos i have no musical talent ps horrible thing to say bout rove
@mileycyrus yeah me too  but there isnt any prom here in germany although school is almost everywhere the same!   ?  
@JinxCat I have been failing at cooking lately  makin me sad. Duno how to cook for less than an army. I need to practice floyour tortillas.
I need to get back into daily tweeting. This hiatus sucks  What also sucks is GSN interrupting shows while they are  airing. _
god opened the clouds and said i hate you josh
@autismvox for me they are  not
omfg ,  my head
My job sucks ! ! ! 
@jodywhitesides So sorry I missed it!
Busy day! No ti ame to tweet  Bmore what is happening this weekend  ?  
missss my friends and plav  ti ame for a long day of work hahah
so so tired . . 
@judez_xo they were so pretty and took like an hoyour to do  CAN I DO yourSSSSS!
@ghostexecutive Bummer   was going to try and make it/ other commitments i am afraid got into the way.  Next ti ame hopefully-
is tired and sad
@Yyourges loadsa shizze has happend  i am SO UPSET . . 
why does my life suck  ?  
UGH! Poor Beautiful Girl. Went in for new tires and inspection sticker. Now there is a $590 repair and still no tires.
FreeSat is coverage (Sky dish) is really ,  really bad at the moment ,  blocks all over the place ,  really annoying!
My computer died
Conference call with HP.  They gave me an invalid pass code so I can not attend
@DaneFiori The thought of splitting the estate is depressing of coyourse! (KIDDING!) I do not  like the thought of my parents dying
@Flickie i am dead bored. but also dead poor! Student life is a piss take!
Massive headache
So annoyed I missed Mitch Benn @ Lemon Tree. damn you What is On!
oh no! I just crashed my ball pump
Wish we had a garden so we could have a bbq tonight . . .   might set up a lounge bbq type thing ,  that  will work. #fridayfirehazzard
@brittanytastic aww  that is horrible! xD
OH. I am just so tired.
My poor phone is nekkid without it is cover.
Well thats that then. Exam failed and bsc gone
@ecorazzi Grrr ,  people suck. I cry when ani amals die on natyoure shows.  These people are sick. No hunting endangered species!
@AnnieAreYouOhK No ,  it is annoying and makes us girls that follow sports and are knowledgable look dumb
Everything is annoying me today
@Alice286 lucky girl ! ! !  I work all day tomorrow! and maybe even Monday!!
I need some cheering up
soo tired . .  still kinda angry that i missed the concert
Stupid competition stuff keeps getting in the way  But I am going to get some words in today if it kills me   @heather_writes
leaving now  off to get my angry teethed pulled . . . 
@Disney_Dreaming what  ?  ! miley is gonna quit hannah montana  ?   . . . i do not  wanna believe it!
@Nisher Yeah yeah  ?   How the heck are you anyway  ?   Sastch it up again this year  ?   I had to bail out for lack of expenses
crying real tears
No launch today. Teacher changed plans and we watched a stupid move about tesla
my blow torch has broken  this is a REAL bummer
@Spiffums I was not near hi am.
My TI89 died. I do not  know why.
So sad i am going to miss seeing Pennywise again this year
@thejiggerjames  not the same . .  Can we party tonight jig
Hates moving
sooooo ,  i just dropped my phone.  do not  text or tweet me ,  i am cyourrently banging my face against a spike covered poison ivy infested wall.
Missin my boo
Myourray just got broken
is enjoying a yummy salad ,  but missing her avocado  that is what happens when your husband does the grocery shop.
@roxeecruz your linky no worky
listening through the Mendeed discog once again. I still think their disbanding is a loss.  #metal
My friends are mocking my weekend!  @JamesPMacDonald have they been talking to you  ?  
you wanna know what is worse . . .  my coworker just brewed a fresh cup of coffee and all I can think about is bacon
@TysonDueck Too bad.
@thodwris RIP Michael
Oww. can not even describe how much my back hyourts. Going to have to go to the stupid doctor.
@MynameisDon I ALWAYS miss out! I wont be able to commence in the foolishness til '  the fall  But come falli will be visiting!! YAY!!
Aaaaahhhh . . .  Friday ! ! ! ! but . . .  . . .      Funeral at 5
Sun has been making me happy =] Shame about work tonight  x
@Nobilis I feel your pain. Mine is the same way
Sad day in the office. Glad it is Friday. Like to get away from this for a while. Poor co-worker just lost her son.
Wishes she had a pool
Soooo not feeling well and I need to get out of bed
well it is not done yet ! 1 more thing left huaaahhhhh ! jupaa ,  resaaaa awas kaliaaannn !
@chrlttgrc nope i am nott! i was planning on doing but my aunties come over from america and we are havin this big family meal so i cant 
@feltbeats That is right . . .  kick me when i am down.
@TearlessPoet hmmm really   ?     ?     ?    that is weird idk about that one  sowwy
@Nic0pic0 Lots of things Nico. Gud news: I have a job Bad news: it is in the middle of nowhere. Got my phone 4 twitter but cnt play videos.
soyourish li ambs is preventing me from gg out on a friday. not happy. i have notbeen on at 12am for a v long ti ame . . . even more so on a fri
sick of math
@jferlee I didn ' t see it last night!  Oh well. But I HAVE to watch it in theaters. That is a MUST.
@jephjacques my three most hated words are see you monday
extremely bored.
The computer at work hates me.  have to call tech support. Again . . . 
I wanna be out in the sunshineeeeeee
@mrs_mcsupergirl ok ,  finished set u free ,  and i am sooooo mad rite now . . . it cant end like that ,  i dont want hi am to be the bad guy
workout stunk . . . no headphones.
headache ,  headache ,  go away. come again another day . . . 
i wish my drems could come true
i am at home . . . on a friday night.  but it is all good!
tired and bored ,  watching movies while i am home alone
Screw it goin back to bed  ,   ,  ill just go tomorrow   ,   ,    ,   ,   , kinda sad
@tinylegacies  *  sighs *  Ah well.  Maybe my second email will clear it up and get hi am approved.
i hate interviews. i am going to do horrible today
@BrendonBudness unfortunatley it is the tooth kind of crown
@lexie_98 Kevin can not leave work until 2
Head ache  Tom is call ti ame is really early because the shows will start at 20PM. Recovered like 150+ photos already . . .  700 more to go!
@RoxieDax Ten hoyours ago ,  I was was sleeping ,  sorry.
is in route 2 da '  beach! No sun yet
Aww nobody likes the album I posted after a million attempts  Boohoo
I was supported to do things I didn ' t like  ,   ,   n when I was about to do what I intrested in  ,   ,   mom always refused it . . . 
I really miss my phone  i cant wait till my new one comes
now the pic wont load up on twitter
@novemberlight I someti ames fail
@fossiloflife was being sarcy as usual
@SpookyJenB @diver4skynsea Stop it ,  you are makin '  me sad
bad hair day
@ToyStory2wasOk The party has to be moved to next weekend   . . stupid weather.
@sirhova I was supposed to go to philly as well . . . bailed out last minute
@Cinderell4 bad luck  oh well next ti ame you will be more lucky . . . 
Really good concepts at #mozconcept. I  *  really *  love to send something mine ,  but no ti ame
Ugh - car got stolen someti ame between yesterday evening and this morning when husband was due to go to work  Like we can afford this   ?     ?     ?   
i am sad about missing out on the opportunity to be in valencia is new video.
Leaving NOLA today  Counting down the seconds  ' til I start crying. Love this place so much.
@AliceS1 hey ,  I can not make it to Makers tonight
@cbobcreson @silatjunkie  So ,  @kfrieze just pointed out to me that she has not been able to be involved in this convo for lack an iPhone
It has been 24 hoyours now ,  since I had my dog put to sleep.  RIP my old friend.
I wouldn ' t mind some sunshine and a walk. Where are you ,  summer  ?    ?  
@windycitypretty that is sickening . . .  Just shoot at will  ?   Smh . . .  Prayers for his family . . . 
@Annie713 it is ugly and gray outside even in San Diego. Not too cold ,  will get to 70 ,  but May-gray June-gloom for us all
Finally got a call for marriage counseling 3 days late . . . 
Smart cars are the most worthless cars ever made.  it makes me sad how many of them I see anymore.
@mmitchelldaviss mitchell i tryed to add you on xbox live lastnight dyouring when i was in your live show ,  but your friends list is full
Gus ,  formally known as world is ugliest dog has died  We  will miss you ,  Gus http/bit.ly/exjcn
Finally sunny days and i am too sick to go outside and play.
so freaking tired.  it is like my body refuses to move.
I fell! I think my knee is broken  but I look fabulous
now my ds just died  whatta letdown!
@IzzyJ_Is_Here oh hun ,  i am sorry . . .  out of everything you ' ve been through ,  the last thing you deserve is to be unhappy at home . . 
WALC-ers are you ready to cry  ?   it is going to be a long day of reminiscing
@banjoist123 may I ask what bluegrass means  ?   Sorry in advance for looking a bit silly by asking
not long in from sunbathing and byournt
@ShellyKramer i have  had a fever for the past 48 hoyours. You should see me. i am unshaven ,  puffy face and look pathetic!
@morgret Probably not ,  kinda expensive and we have to work. Most people have off weekends ,  we work.
Headache
@devontebrown it is cuz you love me. dont make me sad
NOO!! XBOX got red rings of death
favorite shirt ruined:death by bleach  #fb
Missed getting my Twilight jacket @ modcloth! Man I wish I didn ' t have long monkey arms and could of gotten the L instead!!
@joaniemaloney yep  which sucks because i thought somewhere it said it was . . 
Suddenly I remember all the memories with hi am  ohhh please
Paid all my bills only to go out to the mailbox to find more of them
No one wants to sit with me at lunch  I guessi will just byoury my head in my laptop and continue to be anti-social.
I think my book is gone forever . . .  we moyourn forever  SHIT!
is a failyoure
I misses my bed  so sleepy!
Earthlink says oyour modem is dead.  They want me to buy a new one or sign up for a one year contract ARGH ! ! ! 
Frustrated with copying 13Gigs across USB 1.1.Stupid old servers
Drag me to hell soundtrack from Christopher Young is delayed from june 2nd to july 7. That is SUCKS pretty bad.
Ben  Jerry is fail. Got email for free ice cream. Says click here to redeem coupon. When I click ,  I get error message  @cherrygarcia
Listening to Opeth. Trying not to think about missing their show in San Antonio. Failing
Almost fell asleep under the hair dryer  so tired ,  feel like i am going to puke
@eightwednesday @emilyhilleren I lost that membership when I got boosted to the 3 D club.  it is lonely.
wow ,  I didn ' t realized that there is a li amit to the more button. That sucks . . .  I guess two days is the max to not sign in to twitter.  !
i need new running shoes!! my feet are completely torn up
@jkblacker Unfortunately i am not @jamesog - someone is squatting on that
Young love comes to an end
i am well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday : ' ( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l 
Dang my own LDBF didnt give me a Follow Friday shot out
This is what I am drinking instead of beer: Airport is out of beer . .  At least it is carbonated . . .   http/mypict.me/1Zu9
@xmaggie oh that sucks  i am sorry.
i could tell it is gonna be an angry day . . . 
NW Macedonia: Few rainy days in a row.
I hate it when my sweetie has a bad day  http/tinyyourl.com/lr22dj
@verbs_n_nouns ikr  ?   my parents take the cake tho ,  they do not  grocery shop and they go out to eat all the ti ame just them 2 . . . 
@philispig  Is competition around the corner  ?   if not take it slow for at least a week. Twisted my ankle back in jc ,  awfully painful.
@jmorgan0909 and i am not getting another one  . . .  There is only 1 alfie
@AC_1 welcome to the twitter world Andrew! tell david to have a twitter too haha just kiddin '  i know he does not want to have one . .  booo . . 
I think it is unfair I have to miss the sun  all places of work should be closed an writing essays should not be allowed when it is sunny!
headache
Co-worker is last day  we are going to miss her
Evermore  End of Fashion rocks! My poor foot though! oww! injyoured my foot. not good. will be sore tomorrow.  details to follow  later
ughhh studying for finals i wish i could go to prom
Someti ames I forget that boys have feelings too
I also think that i am talking to myself now. Okay I need to get to bed. BTW ,  I miss my brothers.
@tommcfly it is 120AM ,  @buonotomato stopped tweeting ,  my brain is not functioning. I wanna cry. Haha. Philippines toyour ,  please  ?    Love ya!
ate all my chocolate
moving back home today. pro: obnoxiously closer to @thom1937 con: no more mpls runs/excyoursions for at least a year.
@saxa246  ive been trying to get over her for years ,  it is so hard to move on ,  when youre so in love . . it sucks
@pairadocsdesign and Radio X 96.1 is going all sports next month. Radio is dead.  #grandrapids
(sigh) guess we are not gonna meet up today.
i DID argue with byron because he said i am fat
Wish I was in Chicago.
So I slept 12 hrs! My body is aching
@erickadiaz I get to go to coffee now  it is no fun. I hate it too!
@billbathgate i am not a doofus  it could happen wahhh ! ! !  : ' ( ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! ! i am on my break!!
@nikkibop and he is not even fat ! ! ! ! Huh ,  @freyalynn  ?   He is just friggin huge!  I have a freak.
left the inn  now i am at school. dang it is straight up dead here!! [3Hannah]
Blah to car repairs . . .  almost 600 dollars . . .    Shopping around for a better deal.
@hootsuite  Darnit.  See what happens when I avoid teh interwebs for work.
my apartment is emptying out more  more each day . .  so sad . .  last week at 2000
@alyssa133 awww i am sorry  what kind of fish did you have  ?  
Why are some guys so stupid  ?   They have no idea what to do with a good girl who actually cares about them . . so sad
@si amonprobert yep ,  supposed to last all weekend. filthy weather
heading to the dmv to pay them my hard-earned money
How do you forgive yourself for hyourting the one you love the most  ?  
@MattyP_654  it is this damp weather . . . 
@scarletty24 i know . .  i suck . .  i am a master procrastinator   . . .  you guys do not  have too much fun without me
last day off . . .  back to work tomorrow
wishing i was on a beach right now!!
Is not a happy bunny
@Lesley_M Melted maybe 2 square inches of skin. Ran it under cold water for a min or two and then iced until the ice melted. Now ,  hyourts
Tbh having no credit in your phone sux. i cant even text people to see what is happening ,  like it is totally grrrsville
@MrsWilliams @Ti amperator fhlt sich ganz so an #montezuma #iphone
it will be my second year that i will not be there
@FRANK_yourQUIDEZ I MISS U
43416 I miss you so much my heart is aching without you bub  http/is.gd/Ja9I
being far too vigorous with pruning and regretting the removal of too many cucumber flowers off cucumber plant.
@tommcfly Tom  ,  today my school played POV at the break  ,  and I almost cryed !  your show in sao paulo is today ! I wish i could be there!
oh i just check my stock port. My marketing was unable to buy me TICON at best price
@cameronmarion me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night ,  pshh
@JHall510 i am good just bored at work
Oh PW ,  you done me wrong. The signing ti ame in your children is article are all wrong . . . and no Neil Gai aman  ?  ! You tease me.  #bea
Jeff can not get his visa in ti ame to come visit me!    i am so sad.  In other news ,  i am going to Lapa tonight to samba the night away.
sooo tired of this cubicle
laying in bed listening to opticon. i miss joe veneck
when i cheered , i yelled SHAKE THESE at the end of a chant and did the suck it X and got suspended  had to give a public apology , lol
@redhalo_pax goddamn   that fucking sucks  *  hugs * 
Will miss my baby for 2 days
i am so tired idk what 2 do . . . and I have 2 much 2 do  . . . chyourch 2 nite ,  gotta write sermon ,  wash  flat iron hair ,  eat! so so much 2 do
at wk wishin I was at Annies grad ceremony but coodnt becuz of sumthin I dnt care to mention . . .  sooo sad
It looks like the office TV DOES get MLB Network . . .  and it looks like MLBN will NOT be televising the DET/BAL game today  #wieters
Had drums ,  but they where made up of other peoples sets ,  so ,  had to give them all back
it is freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max
Legs are hyourting because I was standing up all day.
I gave my brother a hug good-bye . .  as he took a load of fyournityoure away from the house. He took the mattress I like
@Rumpelwald : ne ,  muss noch 2 Woche warten
@saynerd01 @ericajo42   GRR! my stupid meebo is disconnecting me every 5 seconds
Super pumped to do the Relay for Life tonite. I am walking in honor of my sweet Grandpa  ' 06 and my Uncle Howard who past just yesterday
I miss the old . . .  HA ,  HA. I can not tell that person is name.
i am freezing in math class!
Gah! Buddy K is a must hang with person right now I miss hi am.  Along with Parker and McPhee.
I have a feeling today is going to be very boring ! Work @ 3  till 90
Been working on my freakin '  computer trying to save stuff on a harddrive and it seems I failed miserably.
Kerry threw a ball at Anand; it bounced off his head ,  landed on my lunch and it exploded everywhere.
taking care of sick children
I have tummy ache.  Probably not helped by eating /that/ many tic tacs.
@msignorile  Weather sucks up here
back to work
Got my hair cut. Great.  stupid gum.
my computer at work is not working . . . booo . . .  need a new one!  TGIF!
Regrettin some of the decisions I made
@jessner12 you suck majorly  i am swamped . . . so why am I on twitter . . . I do not  know . . . but still  a golf toyournament  ?  
@BrentO She! Maybe that was oyour first mistake.  Not everyone is as cool as @sqlfool  (brown nose moment)
at work and it sucks big ti ame
Saying goodbye to a good trusted friend today. Goodbye free Sky TV ,  you were the best friend anyone could have had.
Crappy Day . . . 
has the yourge to go shopping.hmmm but i have  got no money , how  ?  
Well poop ,  my guitar lesson was canceled today  i am so sad. I hope his son feels better soon tho.
@pilarlovesyou  i love you. do not  leave me!
Shaw guys are over when I want to be sleeping
my tummy hyourts
@Hi_i am_Chris and i cant get to mine  keep getting an error
Was talking to Vincent  Miss hi am so baadly.
Moyourning Venus '  Third Round Loss . . . 
@jonkragel I have been sick for like 5 days now . . . 
@Cece602 no it is just going to be me we could not come up with enough money to get his ticket
i failed at cutting and peeling the mangoes  hah. it was weird trying and my father did it like it was nothing.
is not lookin 4ward 2 work 2mz . .  n if it is gna b like 2day-weatherwise- itl b even worse  xo
@joycewaddle like almost above my sholders
@melissajeanine ew.  sorry zach
@LindseyNHess I agree 100^ %! it is a great day! If only I had a window to see it . . . 
Trip to DC next week canceled.  So ,  no Artomatic or beer with @genehack.
i am going on an excyoursion this week ,  so I will not be twitting . . . 
@paulo_one yes it went down smooth! Too bad I have to get back to work though  how are you enjoying your Friday  ?  
@MouseGoesSqueak ahhhh.same here with Geometry ,  like i said b4 ,  if i didn ' t have it ,  i would be graduated!! so i feel your pain hun!
I can not comment directly to someone . . .  . .  and i am here all alone
i hate getting put on steroids. my face
@scavengerlor LoL Clever i am Extremely Jealous Of The Amount Of Followers You Have  I Only Have 24
@SaschaIllyvich i guess that means you didn ' t beta-read either of my stories ,  huh  ?  
We are so sad the beautiful Marisa dresses are leaving today (tear)
Refusing to accept that the US holiday is over. Heading to Woodies Longboard  Diner in um  . . .  Hove . . . 
just got back home ,  shit . .  again meeting tmrw , staying at sea view ,  i even dont my fresh undergarments  tiring ,  13 hrs working days
Manchester was wayyyyy to busy!  so warm today also! : ' (
i lost friends ,  when i didnt do anything
Day off with nothing to do
bad day
Wish I was eating lunch w/ @laddiecatherine and @ophieracine
@Christy_Edmonds Oh ,  i am sorry   You  will have lots of fun though ,  should be a great ti ame!
I kno i am behind the ti ames on this one ,  but I just learned that Troy t-bag Dixon died back on dec. 8th 2008. RIP Troy.
@sarahbellafina sleep  ?   I need to go to my mums but by the ti ame I get there ,  Clara will be in bed
Just byourned my tongue!!
is sad cuz my mommy leaves to indy today
i am off to a fun filled evening at a funeral home  . . .   Joy.
Ugh the delivery was postponed ,  shes not having the baby til 5 andi will be at work
At work my head hyourts a little due to my neck! I hate when I sleep wrong!
@mscrismusic wish u was in the D!
@chaletlaforet shit that is awful . . .  could not believe it at first . . .  so sad
@brett can you fedex me some pizza  ?   I have to cancel my NYC trip until later this summer
@elainanic Hope that migraine does not stick around for too long.
@calikiks  asap. But . . . . Kids are asleep. I have a car seat for arianna. We can take her with us  ?   I need to pay vs bill!
@sweetpea2809 Nor here . . .  Sad ti ames
@emmielovegood ive tried and tried in the past to learn cockney but sadly it is near i ampossible to find books and things on it over here.
Hates leaving teddy  . . .  Now i am miss both my boys  damn
@kujakupoet My computer got screwed to hell by viruses. I just finished wiping the drive and reinstalling Windows XP  I want a Mac . . . 
@noiseporn Would defo have done that but i am already booked over t ' other side of the country
I guess it was not meant for me to change it
@seieluv dang . . . just so far away are not I  ?      Darni will just have to dream
@kylehamilton Wow ,  just saw your Tweet about the Proflowers fiasco. That is so not fun!
@diesel_26 i wish you were here to take care of me
because I just lost my first Field Notes notebook 6 pages before filling it up!! RIP  #fieldnotes
didnt enjoy having to say goodbye to alex ,  v emotional ti ames  but the sun is making me happy !
Brother #3 is wandering around the house in his underwear. As charming for his 2 sisters as it is for the other female guests ,  i am syoure
Damn. Stephane does not even feel sorry for me. Off to work then
@NancyLeeGrahn IS she in grade 5  ?    I can not do my daughters grade 4 math . . . soo sad
http/twitpic.com/66vld - i do not  like this bangs! I want my hair back!
dis damn usb charger is good for nothin. gotta find that verizon store. my fone been dead since last nite
@mdfogarty i am so very sad that i am at work today and cant win tickets
the sun byourned me today . . . my arms look angry  Party tonight tho babes! woop!
I need to get in a good ,  hard workout today after work ,  I feel like i have  been slacking! No good
Bloody exams next week
@thecomicproject it is sunny and hot in London today ,  while I sit in office cranking spreadsheets
@indysawhney seems like u r just pushing your #wcm site. i really cant beleive you are an IT pro and havent heard of #joomla or #drupal.
Is working all weekend
Beer ,  garden ,  IPOD ,  Friday night ,  shame i have  got to work tomorrow
is back from the park and is very sunbyournt  cant wait 4 @totallywiredm 2night , and is gonna get smashed . . bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
@jhaywardbenzal ouch. I hate it when that happens.
@AdamBMusic ik ,  i feel sooo bad for them
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON  ?  !  ?  ! Last night and this morning SUCKED . . .  More moving tonight.
i need a jb but i dread the fact that it will have to be retail this summer
@geminianeyes it didnt  - from research the traffic in this beautiful system of twitter is approx 100msg/second . .  mine only grabs 6msg/sec
Starting to get sad.
Feel like death  evil headache and need to pack and drive to parents. Bum.
i reaaally need you
@lifesaver45 that sucks.
@cindyefolson the signal that makes your internet go is pretty bad  getting a tech out will get that fixed up ,  though!
R.I.P. Sammie the Cat
at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you
In the middle of breakfast the school called.Yep . . . back to get Shey . . . AGAIN.3rd migraine this week or maybe one that never went away
Damn . . . the right side of my earphones just stopped working all of a sudden. Now I need to buy new ones . . . 
ooh my icecream is gone  oh no wait i got another 2 boxes on the freezor! yumm
I have never had a Starbucks coffee in my entire life ,  people keep making me jealous
@ScrapShoppeEtsy rt i have had few hearts the past few days on etsy  boo hoo . . . totally the same for me too ((((((
I think Ive buggered up my mobile  ack. I am a stubborn arse and refuse to get a new one.
Weekend is getting close. Too badi will be stuck up north  Hopefullyi will be able to get out next weekend for some real life fun.
@Steffisticated If they recorded it and sent it to people ,  they obviously meant for it to get out there.  But if they didn ' t ,  I feel bad.
have to put my dog down tomorrow.
My sunglasses broke
waiting for aaron to get into town ,  and then leave hi am for work. booo
@dsml dont depress me  I have the mother-in-law staying the weekend. Someone else to wait on other than the kids!
@BigzFlygerian sorry but i am not i ampressed in the slightest b/c u do not  eat pussy . . more like saddened and confused
: why is it so cold!  ?  !  ?  !
@Starry1968 you are syourrounded by them! I have no official nieces/nephews yet
is becoming edgy bcause the lappy has not arrive yet
Another favorite local place bites the dust: Con Sabor Cubano ,  the place I go to for the most amazing Cuban sammiches ,  is closed
@meerasapra seriously . .  it used to spend most of the ti ame in my house . . 
Where is the boss . . .  I would like to have my check and leave please!
We are not gonna be able to talk again
michael scholfield is no more. He is dead. I am sorry
had a good day but i am now skint again
gross. it is hot ,  and there is cotton EVERYWHERE . .  hello allergies.
Thought she wuz my best friend . . . 
Is still tired  due to late nights out and work and has to b up early again 2moro 4 work bad ti ames!
Oh well ,  there go my hopes for seamless transfer of blog  however I am now on track and will have it up and running someti ame this eve
i am so tired and sick  i have to be better on Sunday so i can sing morning and night
@danecook Sooo SAD I will miss you here in San Diego ! ! ! 
@ work again
BREAKING NEWS: The broiler at Byourger King is down. There will be no byourgers at Byourger King at lunch!  At least Chicken Fries were there!
Ti ame flies . . . and i never got it all right. Why oh why  ?  
I am loving this sunshine and hating the thought of my office without windows
Selling my Bonnaroo ticket.  can not get any ti ame away from work. Anyone in the DC area interested  ?   I can meet up!
@inlovewitharmy Southridge was moved a week later cause of Swine flu ,  i think
@DanielFielding Yeah. It totally sucks.  I hate not being able to breathe! Thanks for the ff!
@zarigee i got mcdonalds ,  syourpisingly it is not a popular drunk food option.  it is sucks that all diners are not 24hrs here anymore
Oh My God  . .   sad day  . . 
Working late with only The House of Love for company. Just what I want to be doing on a summer evening when I should be out with people
any other Mac users completely given up on Google Chrome  ?  
@BiggaBX Yes ,  it is only fair  lol
so much for a day off- i have  been on my feet ,  all over the place ,  all day!
@Tiwyourayie geez! one ti ame in a row . .  patience! good things comes to those who patience. lol. i wish i could sleepover . . 
@suzbooze I wanna go ,  but I so freaking broke   Have fun for me
thirty minutes tyourned into three hoyours. oops
YawNnnnn _slight headache n hangover grrr
i miss the one who would do anything to spend 5 min with me . . .  the one who used to say just tell me when and where
good night world. Vacations have to end some day.
oh my god . I got no sleep again. Neighbors are building a deck  they ' ve been starting @ 5:00am. i am SO tired. Feel like I just took Benadryl
has a gym day and is hoping to enjoy the last Friday of her twenties.
feels slightly better but damn i syoure do miss hi am . . . .he is going to be so hard to get over . . .  . .   i messed it up  . . . donuts=comfort
so bored at work ,  it is ridiculous ,  and my Satyourday is going to suck with class in the morning
Hate being sick  especially when there is no one to pamper me
Ugh. Going to skool
mcfonalds roulette i i lose. they forgot mygrilled snack wrap
Playdate cancelled
PINKPOP weekend  i have  got NO tickets ,  meaning no BRUCE Springsteen  Oh well ,  it is WWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKEEEENNNNDDDD ! ! ! !!
never thought i would say this ,  but i miss my 9-5 job ,  the commute ,  my cubicle ,  free food  coffee and being downtown. why did i quit  ?  
aaaah taking back sunday are playing in new york 3 days after we leave
I dont feel well  i got a dentist appointment later.
@PoynterJones can I join you in your jealousy  ?    :L
Back @ work ,  migraine lingering   can not wait for the weekend!
Ugh soooo much work to do today while trying to make the 6:10 train to the game . . .  looking like a 4-5 hoyour Sunday at the office.
@holmescnn Oh ,  I didn ' t realize it is on at 830 as well- already at work- or as today still in the car ,  do not  ask
You know your neck is jacked up when you are forced to pay for parking bc you can not tyourn you head to parallel park in the free spaces . . . 
forgot to wish sister happy birthday yesterday.
my parents sold my car.
I miss you guys
Goodbyes  . . .  Hyourt
My parents withdrew permission at the last moment ,  I am not going along with tomorrow is SAC trip to IDP camps  #Pakistan #IDPRelief
enjoying the great sunshine . .  from indoors . .  I do not  feel good today
i am over @ringorang today.  3 wrong answers in a row.  My brain is not working today.
@lilivonshtupp I would rather go to the matinee but I have to work  Still debating whether I should go cos going alone is no fun haha
Still havent left the house yet. This is rediculous! REALLY!   S * D * P *   T * K * K * 
Boys are sitting down for photos ,  no touching and no handshakes allowed.  #asylm
i am still devastated about manchester united losing the UCL final
Oh darn. Lost another follower.
i woke up just now missing alabama terribly  my dad says we will be moving there. soon. thank god
@it isfrankybitch  dont make me sad . . .  i do agree tho it does need some more of SA is magical lyrics
Why is it soooo cold  ugly out  ?    ?  
No more Wiffleball . .   Damn.
a female robin just flew into my window and I watched her die in my bushes . . .   i think i am going to cry now . . . 
has bronchitis and is on 3 prescriptions. No fun at all. Had to miss two days in a row of work.
@nellclothing I cancelled a run in favoyour of . . .  staying in. Wish I monies for pubulation tho
Gri ameStopper loss  client lost their job so we did too. Hope the quote later today tyourns into more work. Drowned my sorrows w a huge h  . . . 
@AnnaVodka i am sorry to hear that! that makes me sad
@i_am_umlaut oh no!  i am very sorry to hear
@Jamie_127 poor baby  you need some aloe. Nope sorry no hints
The Oddo is grandfather passed away in his sleep
does not get to see her fav5 today like planned
I saw amazing heeels. But they were too big
bout to go to work
I watched wayyyy too much Beverly Hills 90210 today and I am not proud of that fact.  TV FAIL
I am soooo hungry. But waiting for bf to get home ,  he has car trouble and is waiting for the mechanic to help hi am . . . 
skype call with billie but my webcam dont work
@rafealAnthem yes i am and i was ready to go when i got here. ugh  and it is sooo pretty outside . . 
@esull have a great camp ! ! ! !! Wish I could be there.
@MissCaseyB I know what you mean  rain sucks . . . 
@MsHalfway I want to go back to school too  *  sigh *  - but I am too poor
Last day of high school  i am gonna miss all my friends
@hithit  missing jmichelle . . .  told you treat me like a step child! smh
@neeshababyyy they will not  guys are retarded!
@inlovewitharmy What ti ameeee  ?   My mom says I have to do something daw tomorrow ,  eh. But we are never compelte!
Why didn ' t my favorite spotters last tweet go to my phone
i am still full from the buffet at palms.  my stomach actually hyourts. ugh gluttony bites.
Off to play Tennis at Bel Air ,  coyourts are wet  but ,  we will play anyway.
charlies roastbeef: mostaza no manejamos. WTF  ?  
@iamdiddy - Me. because my ex boyfriend of 2 years (we broke up 2 months ago) is engaged to his gf of 6 weeks.  sad ,  embarrassed. Hug  ?  
i was too slow to get $1 Up tix
shit is depressing
So . . . woke up in ti ame just for work . . . .boo
@ 5 happiness (chinese) totally disappointed  the food is USUALLY good  *  FAIL * 
@SweetHomeBirth  link is not working
@world_of_max Sadly ,  no. Now David Tennant has left I do not  particularly want the job anyway
not at all happy . . . dont know what the reason is
@DinerokidMayo i am upset cuz now everyone agrees
apparently you are not getting on anymore . . .  sad
I need to sit  my insides hyourt ughhh
@dorritos @repressd i get migranes . .  so @repressd . .  that leaves you to either arthritis and/or gout!
argh! why why why
possibly going out tonight; is there ANYTHING to do in Lancaster  ?   I miss Balti amore
@pilmorelee you beggar! Making me feel homesick
@frgmnt I know ,  lame.
Rope witdrawal in full effect ,  no one to tie ,  no teaching ,  no demos ,  no one to play with. But worst of all - No one to play with!
Rachael makes me want to cry
@katebuckjr Sorry I can not reach either yourL
not feeling well at all today! ugh cant I just go home.
My eyes hyourt.
@dutchraymond yeah I didn ' t realize how bad it all was till now
has today off! But has to work tomorrow
being lazy the rain does that to me  gymtanning is possibe ,  work  a small social gathering around tha corner
can not give blood within a year of getting a tattoo so I can not give . . . i am gutted
my head huwwts
I have to go to work with out my @andrajoi and @treykinkade
@vosdjs LOL yea the fondue is on point . . .  but that Chocolate Lava Cake is what you really want . . . but I wont be here   i am Mon-Fri babes!
That is it  ?   it is done already  ?   This is one proof that there is nothing fair in this world.   http/bit.ly/10UEMq
i have  been offered Fred on loan but I has no moniiieeeess . . . 
@APStylebook I know ,  but I need some things in my life to be constant
Is youtube not working properly for anyone else  ?   I can not watch videos because they keep failing to load
no luck in goin to forum . .  i am about the only person on earth not goin out
Starving. And Alyssa is mom would bring her subway.
has new headphones but no mp3 player yet  http/plyourk.com/p/x258n
@risquethaianna i cant go swi ammin any more
@tommcfly sweet  . .  Englands becoming lamer and lamer since you guys left
i got a haircut ,  i felt like that guy on the Last Samyouri who was forced to have his ponytail cut off.
@GLAMvoy Yes I think so unless it changed.  I sent u a happy mothers day text but u never responded back
@emaxio still @ the coyourthouse!     Happy to have a job . . .  sad it is this one!
@tearose21 Wish I could be there to enjoy a girls day ! ! ! 
And it is gone.
i am here at work super bored
to cold for the beach  sucky.
@Berumen4 No.  Just sitting around sculpting tiny koi.
O.k i feel like i need to cry now  i can not believe that in less than 2 years ill be walking across the stage to get a High School diploma!
@Jonasbrothers Just saw the webc. awesome! i loved all the songs! i am sad cuz i couldnt be there  had 2 wake up early and it started at 1am
So now we  will pay more in sales tax . . . great.  Even worse Mom and Pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.
is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like crap.
back from lunch and it is poyouring rain! ugh  ohh well at least it gets me into a Death Cab For Cutie mood!
@Mad_Gab  We should bask in misery together
i feel super sick
http/wave.google.com/ 3 Google  . . .  wish they would spend a bit more ti ame adding bit is to Chrome though
my head is bruised really bad :|
I hate it when I am in pain
i am trying to find a pic for twitter but all that  ihave are too big or can not upload. So I shall remain faceless  lol
@crystaaale wtf kinda best friend am I  ?   I  *  still *  have notmet the hubby. That depresses me
Room is so empty
@lilmo4ever i am So Mad I Wont Be There ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  UGHHH ! ! ! 
Man ,  my sinuses r really buggin me this morning
Had an interesting evening amongst homeless people in Venice Beach last night ,  wishing I had my camera with me . . .  . . .  and model releases
This is California it has to be sunny . . .  But it is not ::::: makes me kinda sad
oasis or ribena  ?   toughest decision everrr
When i say we close at 6 ,  it does not mean come in at 6. Ffs people. Also RIP Polly
@amychiu fuck was that the blink/weezer one  ?   I totally forgot.
@sonicsalamander Sorry  ' bout the migraine.  Did I mention I really liked your Cissbyoury (sp  ?  ) pic last week  ?  
@msdivineknight wish i could  want to stay and play with u guys and enjoy a block party for once
@yelyahwilliams alright. i REALLY wish you guys could ' ve done a show in tennessee  because now ,  i can not go to one of your shows : ' (
@jovenatheart you never follow me I sad  LOL
Shoot. Only 12 miles
@siiyu she could have been a lost dog  poor girl
@MrSucre lmao i syoure did ! ! !  no luck though
The girl across the hall says her cat got out when the landlord was showing her apt.  so heartbreaking
Feeling bad for my little sister. Put a lot of money into her Saab ,  took full coverage off it last week ,  and totalled it yesterday
trying to spending ti ame away from the reality . . . broke my heart again
Oh no! Poor bears  i just had a nightmare i wrestled a huge snake and won
i want my ben and jerrys now lol ,  TWEET PEOPLE i am bored
not feelin 2day
Going to an engagement party tommorrow night - it should be mine ,  but it is NOT!  Stepping off the soapbox.
@SeviDesigns It  will be delivered next Friday.  That is a looonnnng way away with 5 people! Guessi will do laundry next week at mil is.
@audreyallyoure - i am really thinking about staying till tomorrow  . .  I have to be back in Philly 2nite ,  but I wanna stay so bad.
feeling rather peckish . . . no dinner for at least 2 hoyours  wah
On my way to lake geneva and I miss my layoura
@CCNKAddict I know . . .  it just falls right at 1pm my ti ame ,  like right in the middle of the day
@wi amnms well i miss her i think she would really like it  re:trina
@ChrisEfs i tryed that the other day but they werent giving up what they were using!
Nothing like waking up slow in the morning. Docs appt today.
It went really well! But the vid didnt work.  i am sad
missed my friggin hair appt ! ! ! 
@Quinztar Oh no ,  but that means that you will not be able to get pwned by my shottie this weekend
hillsong tom. night ,  and dad is birthday! i wish i could see hi am on his bday though.
@meiko911   didn ' t have ti ame this morning to go all the way across town to take a pic (SO SAD)
@marisatangorra it because your handwriting isnt on any of them. and everyone is making fun of me because i am sitting by myseld in the lrc
. @wickedblueglow he is in bed sick. Heavy fever. Went to dr is. Part of the reason i am watching Aladdin 2 now and still have notbeen fed
@tojoha1 sucks that i had to delete it
I hate taking lily to the doc to get shots. It makes me super sad
@gealbhan_beag     I hate cat pee.
@reverieBR That sucks. I hope you find a new job soon
WOW ,  got killed on first wave of Horde on Gears. FAIL
just got back from NOM NOM is at oyour favoyourite restayourant here in Haarlem. i am sad ,  I will miss eating there ,  the food is INCREDIBLE
I worked at a car plant once . . nobody believes me though. I repect all the hard workin folks in the world.
i have runny nose . . .  i can not breathe . .  terrible feeling . . . 
@rakka oh no ,  you are gonna have to break up w/your ups guy when you move
it is sooooooooo not funny when I have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. Come on ,  Revit! AutoCAD was never this bad.
My peeps is coming from chi * twn today for the weekend to hang w me and i dont have any ti ame  always workin!
Bored and lonely at work
The stratus is going bye bye today  i loved that car in high school #fb
LA unified summer schools drastically cut due to CA budget  cuts. Very sad
@eoghancasey oh no!!    i wish i could lay out in the sun!!  i have no garden . . . LOL
@Orion_Girl OOC sorry we keep missing each other . . . 
@GabrieleDyourning  sadly we were too late for TraceyCakes ,  but we got them elsewhere- not the same but still yummy. Tea w wee on wknd!
So from this moment foward ,  i amma have to spend my money wisely. No dress and shoe shopping every week. No more pigging out @ my fav rest.
@KING617 I REEEALLY wish I could be there  have notbeen n a while.what is goin on down there lately  ?  
hates everything about seafood . . esp smell! just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall . . .  noooowww ,  I gotta headache . .  ugh! smh . . . 
@tanyaahedo - I know! It was drizzling all the way to work!  Hope it warms up this weekend . . . 
@danger_skies miss you too : ' ( it is!i never want to come home . . . .seriously
OK ,  home made pizza tonight ,  but horrors ,  i have  run out of anchovies
@Pretty23rd I was not feeling it
@kheiny so the beneath show got cancelled BUMMER! i guess i wont see you til cornerstone  who are you goign with  ?  
is off to get the boy and then to his doc. Persistent coughs are not good.  http/plyourk.com/p/x285t
this evening , picking up n ' pop and go for dinner at Ta Lum Tum Tum (som-tum) , Major Avenue . . decided to go home(not clubing tonite) . . 
@spencerkeasey yeah does not that suck!  I am working with a Nano here so i had to take 75 % of my music off!  so sad
My first car is offically gone.  good bye my tyourquoise topaz. You will be missed greatly.
@Li ameIce On the way home dood . .  Dont think the crappy vodafone gprs can handle yaymen.com
@redsoxgirl28 been there ,  sadly.  this is not your first rodeo ,  my dear ,  I suspect you ' ve learned your lesson  ?  
Bushidokan class got canceled.  i will just have to sign up for karate someplace else!!
@KoFiBaBy wats gooood !! miss yall already
this day cant go by any slower
about to head to Starbucks. was gonna take the bus to Paradise and Starbucks ,  but missed it by 2 minutes.
@smartie999 That is me on a good day
@xombie yeah ,  NO. I already called to ask.
@myersandchang it is not.
Hi ho it is off to work i go again
@DavidArchie I listening your album on youtube. So awesome. But i can not buy it
My poor poor mouth
going to work at one sucks ,  I miss happy hoyour at sonic
@JazzyLadee1908  I try pretty hard to engage everyone I follow! Some of them lack interesting shit to say so they end up unfollowed
@jewelinthesky was able to create an iTunes acct but can no longer redeem the Kris Allen album. note said it got canceled
Really mad at myself for forgetting about the May 24 deadline for the 40 , 000 mile award trips to South America on @UnitedAirlines
wat a stressful week i jus hope everything falls into place 4me
@sallyoroyourke What do you mean by your portfolio is sad  ?    No luck here.  i have  applied about 30 places so far.
piecing a photo quilt for Boeing employees to be hung in Huntington Beach. Sadly ,  many people in the quilt pics are now laid off.
@flashlight Hah! Just wait till you tyourn 40
saying goodbye to @jesshowe for a year  she is been awesome in helping me fit into the team at Veritas!
@cheesetal i miss coffee
@bowwow614 Hey! Is it going to be viewable in the UK this ti ame  ?    It broke my heart when I could not play the last one  haha.
@ESPNCommunityEd do not  forget Nash ,  how disappointing as a Suns fan
i feel some type of way cause i am not talkin to anyone . . . 
I think i am gonna try to go vegetarian again . . . and no soda and majorly cutback on beer . . . too many carbs . . . but it is so yummyyy
@Champion1510 yeah . . .  and neither of them are in huntsville   i would so quit both of my jobs here for one job there.
@YSLayourenT me too
@theemptynest  i have  had that before . . . someti ames ,  they tyourn into other things; felt is very forgiving. Remould  ?   Cut up and re-form  ?  
@eeks_ I wish you were here NOWWW ! ! !  grrrrrrr
hi guys just doing da usael notmuch really! 3 sad me
@julnas But then you might end up like that poor bus driver . . .   And ,  this is kinda weird ,  but I wish I was there today! 
@xbooernsx I am so jealous. I want a free hambyourger
@sunflower_seeds dude do not  say that
needs more followers
Grr . . . Fatboy Sli am is out of the EDC Lineup.
i have a empty house and no ine to share it with
@reactiveretro yeah i agree ,  he was the best! aww why did he leeaave  ?    ?  
@Ohmahlanta Esther does not want to deal!
In checkout line . . . kate  jon splashed all over us weekly. sad
@lilvanillafrop that is not funny
I need some motivation in my life ,  oh and some love would be nice too
bye bye South Beach . . . u never let me down
r @njsharkman  that squeeze bacon looks like poop
Well that is the last of the Fabs gone
 * eekkk *  back to work
I want to hang out and play!  But I can not.  Fiddle Faddle on my workload!
Gosh I miss singer is theater.  I miss learning music ,  doing acting exercises ,  n I ESPECIALLY miss being onstage.
@SoulAfrodisiac I feel you on that one . . . I moved recently and now the nearest @wholefoods is an hoyour away
it is gonna suck being the only sober one tonight
@theNeti amp yeah . . .  it is gonna be a long while for me.
HR says ca is taking more tax out of my checks.
Feeling bad for @taylorshockley profile pic
@it istrizunigs actually ,  the web works fine. tweetdeck seems to be the culprit  sadness! it is done this at two diff. locations
hate working when it is sunny , boohoo
@shakes1327 Sadly no robot songs in my library.
No running for the past couple of days due to bad knee   Still ,  Guitar Hero Metallica arrived and has kept me amused . . . Ti ame to ROCK ! ! ! 
@charlieskies  that is actually a better name than fluffballthegodzilla (my youtube username).  ive been beaten
i want so bad to go to the mcfly is concert
why nobody write with me   ?   !
#hollyoaks  . . .  The cyourse of justin strikes again . . .  Date the byourton and end up screwed  poor sod
@joshuardean you are on mii shit list . . . Permanent mii dude
Oh no! I used my internal sig for an external e-mail  damn. #fb
@Mig177 it is what i say why ! ! ! ! k4ge last day at the job today  we wont be saying hi am around anymore
I need to stop being sick.
http/twitpic.com/670rw - i miss my puppy
@SuprnatyourlShana but he looks so much better with short hair
ah remember the days when you would sleep in until noon  ?   well guess who did that today  ?   god i feel like a loser
@WeeWifie1981 lol ,  we are staying in ,  Craig got footy ,  so Molly and me missing all the good weather ,  we have no buggy either.
got caught in the rain outside. now i am cold bbbrrr
goodbye picnic for a classmate today  but the weather was fucking beautifuul ! ! ! 
School Over ! ! !  i am gonna miss a bunch of people
i have  got sunbyourn on my arm  In better news ,  my new Guitar Hero: Metallica game came and I beyond happy about that.
i am missing everything at work  I want pix of @ipinklemonade !!
oh my god  i just realised while listening to perfect story penny liked dr horrible ! ! !  damn you captain hammer!  oh my god  i am so sad now!
Schools out ,  but works in
Last business day of the month is the wrong ti ame to get new tags. About 45 people
@hypernyck if i can get a ticket ,  but the pickings are lookin sli am soo prob not
Heading to work - on my Friday off.
Is on the couch hungover--do not  expect much out of me today
@ederyn Just bad day. T_____T Gyah. No car ,  baby-client is teething and miserable ,  I forgot to pack a lunch ,  and I has to get a new car.
Flash lost my frisby on a roof. Sad days LOL
i am still here in the office . . . and the sun is shining
oh my gosh ! ! !  hollyoaks was so sad tonite
Way to many people were crying at the school picnic and now I have to decide if I want to go back or go to public. i am confused and sad
i bit my tongue sooo bad . . . it is swollen.
@AlexisTai please do not  roll your eyes. I can not handle that.   *  cries * 
mcfly anit been on here in ages  z
Working dyouring graduation. What a shame.
SPGridView is looking prettier ,  but i am pretty syoure my code is very ugly.
is feeling the effects of spring. My sinuses are killing me
Soo sad my McMcBuddy thinks I look like I could have a little rainbow   . . .  I like byourritos ok! ByourRITOS ! ! ! 
No one loves me  Brittany forgot my flowers . . . 
@austincarlile i am sad.  I want to go to the sd zoo. say hi to the giraffes and elephants and polar bears for me!
really not feelin well . . . 
@McDayDreamer some . . and some not  only my 2 best friends go to the same school . . the others change schools.
i think june gloom has arrived
some advice for all of you: dont pressyoure wash your foot. it hyourts and is not worth it. you really do want the skin on your foot. FYI. ow
Can today go any slower  ?   Ti ame is just dragging by.
yourghh ,  i am gonna do my project now  do not  wanna waste valuable weekend ti ame
@CuteRain following 865 and followers 539 . . . not nice
@LCPromotions  I doubt it! Boo! You always leave me behind on your awesome roadtrips!
So has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet  ?   If they plan on keeping it around ,  I will not be drinking it!
@Maestro so I wanted to DM you back but I could not cuz your not following me  but thankss anyways ,  maybe ill see ya around in ELLE-AY   . . . 
is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold
i am sad right now becuz of my lady
wants to goto lonovala for frenz wedding . . . bt . . . no transport arrngmnts wrkg out
will be lonely for 4 days because @trizia will be in baguio.   http/plyourk.com/p/x2apl
@CaroTheNyx aww i am sorry i am home now hope your ok  i love ya wifey 3
Running around town with Kathleen . . . she is leaving me for a month . . 
it is i ampossible to watch in full ANY flash video with my mac after 5.7
@TeelaJBrown i know ,  i was on the list ,  but had to miss out b/c of conflicting plans  how did it go  ?  
watching the final episode of boys before flowers
Hey #socialmediatv ugh no way to do videoblah {pouts}   (Social Media TV live  http/ustre.am/2NjV)
is pumped and bummed all at the same ti ame . . .  . . . 
Tonight the last night of Jay Leno ! ! !   am gonna cry like a baby!!
@jclayville // i feel your pain. i once lived in an apt for 6 mos where the previous tenant had 4 cats. byourning eyes/tight lungs =  gregg
@dan87 where have you been ,  child  ?   i miss you ,  we have notmsned in days!
Sad! Casue everyone is going their seperate ways! Never going to see my friends again!
I wish it would rain . . . but it will not
@RetroRewind dave why why why can not this happen when i am not working and can listen  ?  ! :::whining big ti ame:::
@unmarketing Fun idea. But ,  if we saw how clothing would really look on the slouchy ,  would we buy  ?   Think not.   People R buying the dream.
Really sick
Hes just not that into you
i byourned my tongue!  @ workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk , 
is soooo hungry right now! Why is it not lunch ti ame!
At pool in Orlando got new kicks  going to seaworld tommrow miss my best friend
Being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. Missing my bff alreadyyyy ! ! ! !
i made an okay rap mix   i couldnt have the stuff i wanted  i am getting ready to leave
jus skinned my knee. Wat am i 6!  ?  !  ?  ! Hyourts lyke hell tho. it is always tha little ones that hyourt tha most.
I am so sad . . .  How come Pooch Hall from The Game has not accepted my friend request on Facebook Yet
I woke up an came to the realization that I can put it off as much as I want ,  but I need 2 drop some friends. Dammit!
my life is sad . . just had reminder go off on my phone to recharge toothbrush!
Now i am depressed again . . ugh ! ! !  HELP ! ! ! 
@jpaola no money no honey! hehe too soon  sorry
@ShaniquaDenise You are sooo lucky. My fiance is away w/the Marine Corps . . . have noteven seen hi am yet!
not looking forward to driving in this storm.
i do not  like being sick when the guidance counsellor is supposed to take me + 35 other kids out of school for bowling  pizza
@xnicoleex_ yeah sorry i was busy last night  ill try and go next week!
shit back home in tallcree (rez)  now i cant see my boyfriend
I just cried whilst watching hollyoaks   . .  i need a life! lol
@it isonlytuesday I would if I was not working today.
@Skewp420 We can miss oyour babies together ,  haha. i am dreading taking hi am to the kennel.
@melissaha What  ?  ! You have to be kidding me - it is an AZ landmark! This kinda news makes me sad
@amber_benson it is raining where I am. I wish it was not.
whew how did i end up going from mugglespace apps to youtube   ?     ?     ?    haha it is just one of those days i guess. i really hate being ill
Ready for this saddenning depressing dullful upsetting dreadful weekend.
Doing dishes . . . i miss my kitchen team
@Victoryhawk Darn. No bacon
waaa the octo drive and i can not go for it
ah shit  . . .  my chest hyourts now
RAIN why must you come after I flat iron my hair  ?   I have been rockin my cyourls for 3 weeks and today you decide to come out. not nice!
ii wanna go home for thee weekend  but ii have no gas. sukks (_!_)!!
Cancelling my JavaOne  http/ff.i am/3nzTH
Spring cleaning for http/milliontreesnyc.org tomorrow. But the park I want to go clean is not accessible by public transportation.
says misses my cousins so badly ! ! !   http/plyourk.com/p/x2bha
@RobertsEmma You do not  reply to none of your fans  . . .  I do not  know what trust
@sandyvanessa89 awwh i am sorry  it will not be much longer
so fuckin tired. didn ' t get home till 50. work at bjs at 12:15
@memphianmallory Too traumatic to even discuss and none of yall are here ! ! !  Everyone has left for the weekend.
i am sooo sore . . .  my back hyourts ,  my legs are weak ,  and i am dehydrated. i have to go set up my moms fyournityoure . . .  gay ! ! ! !
Rose City Sirens were uber cool last night!  Wish I could have stayed longer
stood on my cyourlers and byournt myself  then byournt my hand when i picked them up . . 
Is wondering what happened to the sun  ?   Damn May grey!
i am feeling so nostalgic. i am sad. But happy. I do not  now how to feel. it is over ,  but not at the same ti ame. It just feels over.  i love you.
fuming over ebay pyourchase gone bad. outta $45 and have nothing to show for it   %$!
@eddievedder no such luck and u are not coming to Detroit  Luckily , i will be seeing u and the crew in Chicago
is doing nothing  lol
@jovialhoney Can you guys adopt me  ?   Yall are always doing fun stuff. Y ' all take trips to Miami . . .  we go to Arkansas
I wish the sun would shine. but it will not
@chrishornby Very. i am ill and attempting to remember lots ,  and nothing is going in.
Cried my eyes out watching My Girl last period   hahah
@KINGDINGALING_1  @wendi916 is leavin bc of racists  *  starts cryin * 
i am hungry but can not eat anything right now because my tongue hyourts so bad.
Hey guys i am back from work . .  It was kinda horrible
aww my friend just called and said that she got a better job so she will not be working with me anymore
Leaving SF soon. I just might cry.
I need a restful weekend ,  but I will have to work instead
@mraeannon thank u!! I knowi will miss u too  Ill take pics as soon as I get there I need your email txt it to me or something
@petewentz i am so jealous. i want an octo drive
@rizzzky he is retiring from the tonight show  i am so bummed. he was awesome ha. AND CONGRATS MY DEAR
@hereprettykitty You mustv ' e read my mind. I WAS going ,  but now it is thunderstorming AND I have to pick up the boys from the bus stop
@ptwaugh xbox broke  hope you enjoy playing 1 vs. 100. I was . . . looking forward to that.
@stargirlreads i cantttt.  my grandparents are here.
ok so everyone is out an i am stuck in bored and ill
the downside of getting TDL 3 days early is that i will not have ti ame to read it til next week anyway!  but still ,  hyourrah  *  clutches it close * 
@HMXCasey I sorry
@katschio  I was completely enraptyoured by your fascinating updates on your testing! What will I do now  ?  ! Oh ,  wait--Yeah. Work. Of coyourse.
I miss @BillieSyadrie i am sorry for being able to call you when u already sleep  I love you , Have a great trip tomorrow! Send my   ?   to them!
In school ; With Victoria  Bryan  _ no more school soon ,  sadd i am
Got a right bad headache
@lizridley no ,  i do better with people i do not  know  @autumnrose8683 you are going to chiodos tonight ,  right  ?   just kill something for me.
Oh why does one of my monitors have to act up when I have a deadline  ?    Oh i am an unhappy camper.
Just got home from work . .  My feet are killing me
in less then a min i lost 2 followers
@reemerband Hiyaa! How was Toyour  ?   Really disappointed that I could not make it   Hope your all Dandy 
@KatieKilljoy I wanna play with you tonight   *  pout ,  pout side face * 
Nothing like getting to work and finding out you have to cover extra shifts this week . . .  looks like another 40 hr work week.
does not wanna get dressed up and be an adult today.
@giordanobc I know how you feel.  Takes far too much ti ame out of my life!
Not to thrilled about the marathon this sunday ,  they assigned me on the street. Less $$$
want my new lappytop now ,  but the site says it will not be here till 6/9
@BusyElleBee That your anti is what I understood from the message. Sorry left off your do not  vote BNP msg at end due 2 space
getting ready to drop off something to my man so he can hang out with a friend instead of me
so glad it is friday  two classes ,  then lazy afternoon. too bad it isnt nice and warm out today
I should be in NYC right now with some of my favorite people but instead I am stuck in RI.
@Klzm31sT me too.
trying to find some friends and not having any luck
@hatcherdogg Would love it but have plans
Hmmm ,  I just realized . . . I didn ' t have any bday cake for my birthday . . . boo hoo!
@grossnoises i miss yoooouuuu ! ! ! !
an ulti amatum is an ulti amatum no matter how you dress it up.  and that sucks.
Got 2 get ready 4 work  would rather be fishing!
No No No @ankita_gaba will take @Shadez away  Not my day! #shadez #twpp
Work is MAD blocking sites! No fun  but they are not blocking facebook ,  twitter  youtube
@RobPattzNews DIE!  gosh . . .  i will die  ' til movie awards
wants to go out and enjoy the weather but is tired and stuck in bed
i want to see the next gossip girl episode!
The Killers are coming to TD Banknorth in Boston on 9/4 at 70pm. And ,  I can not go.   Everyone else should go though! Tickets on sale Sat.
@anachronous I miss you
Boring day today. Broke so I can not go and see my friend is band tonight  Maybe The Q tomorrow though.
he switches off his cellphone!! huaaaaa ,  i cant sleep  buzz me bebe . . 
wow i just woke up and read drews blog  . .  oh man i am seriously crying right now
disappointed! I forgot to tweet something really inappropriate @graphicphantom yelled in whole foods yesterday  now I can not remember it.
All my loved ones are leaving on Sunday . . . . sad
@Agent_M that just gave me that sick-to-my-stomach feeling  ppl like that do not  belong in regular society ,  ever!
uploading PCD onto my iTunes xD i used to have it but certian events caused me to lt sadly
the dog dug a hole in the backyard well iwas sleeping ,  now i am grounded
my followers went from 22 to 20  i would follow you back but i cant do anything till i get interwebnet! I want more followers. i am interesting!
Another Qi about to start . . .i will be missing the next 4
Bout to get ready for work ugh i hate workin on fridays
Jenn jenn jenn oh why oh why will not u pass on your iTunes knowledge onto me  ?  
At Spring Awakening . . . cannot wait for it to start. Last ti ame i am here ever! Boo ,  sad ti ames
@citygirllife i am so ready for the weekend. Did you see all the flash flood warnings for around here  ?  
Friday is not treating me well so far.
in accounting class ; then detention after
Sorting out Twitter issues . . . very frustrated that you can not talk to someone and they respond slowly to issues - capacity the challenges
Oh my god . . . my favorite havaianas just broke after three years or service  they will be missed. and they were molded perfectly to my feet
fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hyourts
As Si amon/Idol might say ,  21life sentences not good enough for Chester Stiles. How can one rape a 2 year old child  ?  !  How the F  ?    Why  ?  
@dawl83 how you get a day off and you still aint hit me . .  Where is the lOVE  ?  
Just dusted  vacuumed apartment.  I think I need another new vacuum . . . my entire apartment is smoky.  I just bought this one from Kmart
Man work is so busy today  2people called in sick and the old perverts keep rolling in  sadness abounds . . . 
@kattekrab No tango icons in this revision.
last day at the Ko Olina.  off to north shoreee
@layouriedriscoll did you finish twilight  ?   i did! and i wish it wasnt over
follow friday: following more people then followers  follow me  ?   woot #followfriday
Long day at office again. Tiring week
damn ,  I paid like $16 my first Slightly Stoopid show and now they charge $47 a pop   makes me sad . . . 
@mrkris really  ?    dang . .  I missed it    *  sigh * 
needs somewhere to go . . . it is still lush out + i want to be back out in it
going to miss springwatch tonight  going to have to make do with my own garden!
@eraticschematic i am pretty bored with it too
has just received a phone call for new patients . . . i guess that means work for tomorrow!
Tried to do an Audioboo recording but it '  distorted due to the high volume  #OBS
@wyatthaplo I can haz beer too  ?   Oh wait . . .  i am a work . . . 
@shaaqT @pri amaveron to mast ladki patata hai chal jiske sath bhi jaye khush rehna . . . will miss u my love . . .   #twpp
is updating an old ipod . . . sad . . . i miss my orange nano
@lululemon thanks.  Sadly the streamline top II is sold out. Streamline trunk II is available in my size but that only gets me halfway.
lost my DC hat  . . 
Have I ever told you I absolutly hate writing emails ,  status pdates are fine but emails have so much . . . finality . . . to them
@Saniyyah My House . . . I like that club! I wnt there whn I was in LA!! U know i am not going! That is on Tuesday . . I can not
i am pissed ,  someone took my wallet
@melii That is true.  It still sucks though  ' cause I was all LOLOL I AM SO ORIGINAL--ohshit so. But yeah. Thanks!
I really miss Sebastian
@sianhughes_ oh god i just watched it to!! did claire escape  ?   AGAIN ! ! !  it was really quite sad
@xomorganjane aw ,  sad  I was looking forward to seeing you!
10 more minutes and i never have this class again. it is kinda sad cause this class is so fun
listening to @joeymcintyrye is Without your Love . . . hes so tortyoured in that song . . . makes me sad
@tahitianmom that truely is sad news to hear  we are all created equal ,  so sad to know oyour neighbors are such prejudice people
@CrypticIrnAngel thats a bummer i have notgot one yet  been waiting over a year  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
@MandyyJirou but Today mtv does not allow us to vote
Wish I didn ' t have to work today.
it is rained ever day in Miami since i have  been here . . . .
i wish i were hanging out with kobe right now
Guess i am gonna try the nap thing again 2day ,  but since my kids have notcooperated with it yet this week i am syoure 2day will not be different
i neeeeeeeed music suggestions but no one will give them
Just lost respect to someone.
Si ams 3 wouldn ' t work on my old macbook  hope to get Si ams 2 by tomorrow.
@nikkilynnsd aw i wish i could.  i have to get ready for atlanta and i have to come into work since I am behind on work
MIT bookstore has best book selection ,  but it is the one bookstore I have no coupons or discounts for
about to start getting ready for work.  took lexi out to the park earlier! wish i could lay around ALL day.
@lyricals do not  care about my struggles . . 
i miss my boo  on another note i am soready for this game to come on tonight . . . fox grill anyone   ?     ?     ?   !!
@sunilsebastian I still have a lot of ti ame on my stupid contract . . .   18 months before I can change providers
at least 3 more days
TGIF ! ! !  But also sad that this is last day I get to work with my favorite TV reporter
@YasmineGalenorn depressed that both of those are already out but yours isnt. I want your book!!
@si amplysinister that sucks  I seriously hope you feel better soon ,  you need to come over next week ! ! ! 
@kyle_newman i just called and it is sold out.  bummer. next ti ame!
i am wishing that i had the weekend off so i can go to SOL.
@thriftymommy well my daughter is 20 now . . . thats why I said  ' I miss those days '  . . . they go by sooo fast
spending most of the weekend working . .  that does not even sound fun
@BiffBarker Ohhhhh how I miss the Brunch
Oops ,  forgot we are having a barbecue at work today! I didn ' t need to pack a lunch after all
I am so jelz. I want a house. 
and wtf at little 9 year old wanna be thugs  ?   ugh why can not everyone just be friends and not in cliques like back in the old days
this is a horrible day.
@BeateVeronica i am jealous - I would love deer steak. One of the downsides of having an almost vegetarian and a carnivore living together
Checking out zensify on my iphone. works fine but no landscape typing
Stupid net  we think mum broke it. Again.
No shoes for me.
is up at the hub for day parade again (of coyourse) and they just cancelled the castle show mid-show
installed the new modem which is meant to run 5 ti ames faster than the old one and it is slower  what the hell  ?   gah slow internet kills me
No pool today.   Stupid weather.
Roscoe - Smooth Sailin '  WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ABOUT THIS SONG   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?    RAP FRIENDS U HAVE FAILED ME
@MAMAHINAi was on the list ,  i paid 5 to get in ,  but if your under 21 , you cant go in and out ,  but it was gettin so hot ,  so we went outside
Wow ,  my bed is SO comfy  my nap has been much too short. Getting up for work = do not want.
I have not recieved any mail in over a month  life is boring
Where is my Happiness  ?  
Was a little slow to try this one ,  but Ben  Jerry is Mission to Marzipan is a bit of a letdown.
Not feeling well. Food poisoning . . .  . . . 
Powerdvd does not want to play my Pushing Daisies dvd. I only want screenies to make icons with! Copy protection gone bonkers  ?  
at home sick
I miss you
Now @mumbly_joe is trying to guilt me into coming to Alumni Weekend. I do not  think I can make that either this year. I suck a lot.
SICK again
i am so sleep deprived but it is to hot to sleep.
http/bit.ly/253ce  :: I got bit in the face by a doberman when I was foyour years old ,  I just wanted a kiss   My neighbor had about 13  . . . 
on my way to my dad is with my sistas . .   r.i.p. Deb . . 
@Exprincess http/twitpic.com/67318 -  *  sniff *  i feel so left out!    *  grin * 
At home sick . .  On a friday . . . studying is all i am doing at this point . .  My weekend is so ruined
Had to eat my sandwhich since guys were in a meeting. No sushi to brag about.
Facebook Farm town become slower and slower
Not good news  Ti ame for an incredibly hard decision.
Today more sore than syourgery day. Glad I took extra sick day.  Full recovery expected after 6 weeks.  Calling lawn service firms today
I did the dishes and i am now on a train to Newcastle. Have to leave #nontweetinggirlfriend behind for 2 weeks ,  which is always a bit sad
ohhhh ,  how sad . . . I didnt get it!
wants to go out tonight but cant get home
@Dayna_aka_Rowan he could be talking to me  (he is probably not though  )
@grahamcoltonfan hahah me too!! Except for when Haley gets hit by a car  but yay Leyton!
it is Going To Be A Busy Day  And That Sucks Cause I Wanted To Spend Ti ame With Someone Earlier Today
http/twitpic.com/674p1 - @JTHawthorne this is my Ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt . .  haha but I lost the shirt
is sadly sitting at home when she could be going to a partyyyyy
@grrachel  that made me sad . . 
I need hugs from Joe Jonas
@Elleipein aww honey i am sorry
@ClintonSparks I told u I tried but 88 said it was 2 late  cause the girl I was with took 4ever 2 get ready. they wanted to meet up by 11.
hates the sound of silence . . doesnt like being shut out . . 
Got up early did a shit ton now i am headed to cherokee park to run  and walk !
My arms are making me want to cry . . .  and also because those shots made me sick
@ ji amithy1: can not come  msbj3
@thatchmaster i miss that place ,  but miss wegmans even more. whole foods != wegmans
not really in the twitter mood today . . .  i do not  know what to do
@Knownhuman damn - that is sad ,  then . . .  I have notheard the new one yet. Sounds like i have  been spared a tragedy.
i wanna see  ' up '  tonight ,  but no one will go with me. whhhyyy
Evaluating my people . . . Dont like this part of the job
does anyone know where I can watch the prison break tv movie  ?   it is not on itunes
@BonesCrazy24 i have  had the week off too . . . but I have Biology  exams to revise for so my Bones ti ame is li amited
Edge left me off the contributors list in this month is issue.  x FFS. - Werd
In denial about the moving van parked a few blocks away.
Last day in maui
@tapulous where is the UK love  ?  !
@1jaredPADALECKI 5 seasons that is it  ?   Sorry just noticed in your previous update. My sis is not gonna be happy
oh how I miss my truck . . .  I could have my whole place moved by now . . . 
is in moyourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today ! ! ! 
Laundry ti ame and LOTS of it!
@princeofcode Sorry we could not get the project working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of folks came up afterwards and saw it running
Still white despite being out for ages in the sun
I feel like i am going to toss my cookies
Off to Nanai amo 2day . . .  missing my son already and i havent even left yet
Bad day at the office. In a horrendous mood  Was it national  ' Act like an idiotic buffoon '  day today and no-one bothered to tell me  ?  !!
SHIT I lost my Star Trek ring!    Starfleet Academy class ring w/ Golden Gate Bridge on it.  Got it as high school graduation present.
@tessonfire I feel almost empty inside today.  Not a good feeling.
@Valholla that is sad  what kind of mess are you getting into this weekend  ?  
@GeneralTekno I will not be getting any ROTF toys  ' till MUCH later.  Tell me if anybody is not/is worth getting.
Friday night is never as fun as it should be when you have work on Satyourday morning
@dfizzy you are so lucky. we have 6 weeks until summer
i am sad . . . there is a for sale sign in front of my house!!
A little 3 mile run done!  22.5 minutes . . .   i am exhausted!  Not i ampressed with the HRM . . . 
i feel so bad when the kid is sick
melissa_leah: my car wont start . . .  . . . 
@cacaubrazil that is not great  guy related  ?    ?  
@i ampala_Guy Hello - im back  Hope that happens not occasionally as on wednesday
@danisometi ames  sadness. you could hang out with me and feel less apathetic.
Mean people suck.
we need to have a haters ball today like on dave chappelle  ,   ,    ,   ,   ,  man I miss those days on comedy central the new episodes
@japani amated I miss you too
@Spacerbunny oh that sucks ! ! !   Thank God for your laptop!!
@MikeyUnderwood so no rice or crusty bread with the chili  . . .  aawww
@Totally_Toni   i am having one of those days today also
slept with my eye open again- hyourts like hell . . .  wish I could find the eye lube stuff to make it feel better . . . 
i am suppose to get up to go find sumthin to wear tomorrow but I can not get up
u ever have a friend that u just wonder why are we friends  ?   i know what you get from me but i am questioning what i am getting from u.
@qdakid Q ,  i dont get love anymore    ?  
@Cherryadestains It was blatently your fault for just shoving it in the bag when I said no  I felt that you had very much tricked me.
@MelissaPan awe yeah ,  it is more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier . yeah i am tired ,  revising history
Ugh ,  I do not  know if U even care about Nicole Richie ,  but I do and C that I missed her on TV last nite despite the twitter  @JennOrtigoza
George is sad because he can not go for a car ride with his dad  http/apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877274
sick  and HAPPY 13th Amanda
@tatrtalk I wanted to ,  but I sadly work today.  Normally ,  I do not  work Fridays ,  either.
Willie is pouting because Grandma didn ' t put any treats on my food  http/apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877293
So tired n sick-what the fuck is wrong w me
is really sad about her nephew  but keeping busy sorting out items for BWM! http/bit.ly/N9tsM
@MajorSpoilers majorspoilers.com has problems - cannot get the site working
@pollybowles do not  say that - I really miss my red Porsche (sold it 2 yrs ago)
just played like ,  5 games of dota hahaha. I wanna go home
On my way to get the crate and Bella Dolce ! ! ! ! Sad cuz @livingdeaderin is going tto Richmond
@PrinceTerrence TERRY TERRY TERRY!! i miss you
@lancearmstrong any chance of seeing you at a race in germany  ?   unfortunately hardly any tv  news coverage of cycling here anymore!
@mtupyro - do not  feel bad. I got a foad for a promotion here too.
Is at the botanical gardens and it is beautiful but she forgot an extra memory card so no pictyoures today
moving offices  i am going to miss you Hollywood.
2 days without sleep and now a migraine. I thought life postR01 was meant to be relaxing
Please help me get this song out of my head
i am in science!! very boring
Back at home. At the moment Im speaking to my aunt on the telephone and Darius is neighting in the backround . . .  Miss my little horse
@deevazquez Lol. She is offering me a case of guiness!  can you one up her  ?   If you buy me twoi will stay. Let is start the bidding wars
watched prison break special ,  such a sad ending
Aww @danbharris is getting married ,  congrats to hi am and his new wife! Now I miss the WN Weekend people
Spent the last hoyour signing yearbooks.i will miss you guys!
@danielbachhuber if so ,  the TMobile G1 is the Hummer H1. I wish I had the battery life of an iPhone!
Oh no . . .  The sun is gone!
@NateBodnar are you going with jordan  ?   he told me to come but i am stuck at work
@nippysweety Thanks very much for the #ff @nippysweety ! My only one today
@revfry his fam would disown us if we weren not there!   Both of us really wanted to come to the bbq  but got oyour weekends mixed up -
@Pristina I hide my berry like a slave REGULARLY only today I was caught by massa    i am def not light enough to be a juice poyouring slave
i am out of books to read ,  movies to watch n stuff to buy . . . i am bored!
Sad to say bye bye to these beautiful mountains.  http/twitpic.com/675ks
I missed @tapulous giving away a TTC code
#twpp and no one told me  ?  
Why do not  you make me feel like you used to
@AttyBowen me and Arlando are totally done. I havn ' e talked to hi am in a LONG ti ame!Now I just have to find a  ' worth while '  man . . . 
I Wish i was still in Cornwall - i miss my auntie is dogs
@hitekfame my bad . . .  I am always running . . . 
Ok ,  WTF  ?  ! Why do you have something on your menu  *  in the window *  if you do not  sell it  ?  ! I wanted my bubble tea
@majayy what about me  I miss you too!
@lisibo ooohhhhh - sorry  So sad - never noticed the dollar signs! #oxteach
Ugly betty was sooooooo sad ! ! ! 
Only have 80  followers . . .  So sad.
Senior video in mustang update. i am gonna cry
I have to wait until I get home to watch the New Moon trailer clip. Stupid work Internet access restrictions
it is so cold! I wish @shelby_says or @tattoos1985 were here to cuddle with me
Back at home and phone my grandma . . .  I love her and miss her
@Ilovefal b/c we ONLY have Baby Phat ,  Phat Farm ,  Applebottoms  FUBU!! And they come up pretty WEAK!! Double
There is no good place to grab a quick healthy lunch in downtown Golden. Looks like it may be Safeway
Wow. Way to be discoyouraged  idk anymore . . .  fml.
@PvtMarcus I always choose to be a good guy ,  even if I know it is only a game ,  i feel a bit bad doing evil things
dam i missed hollyoaks 2nite!
Bitter sweet moment . . .  Want to leave but have nothing to go home to . . . 
I definitely missed listening to The Spill Canvas ,  I miss seeing them live as well  Now i am in stitches ooooover you and oooover you ,  oh
feel crappy today
sad day ,  redskins release Jansen   Best wishes to hi am. http/twyourl.nl/ueivwi
prom tonight . .  too bad i am not going to be there
Bad day!  Work is TOO stressful . . . been involved in a minor accident ,  but everything is ok so far. Have to cut down i ammediately!
Ok grey/cold day in LA ,  listening to PJ Harvey ,  Jenny Lewis ,  Cat Power . . I see a pattern here.
not syoure where the real state market is moving  confused either hold or go ahead with the plans  ?  
http/twitpic.com/675tw - Square B - she is sad because she was not there and now she is ,  well ,  square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe  . . . 
ps it is rainging
@innonate @juliaxgulia can not figyoure out how to reply on Tumblr sorry! I do not  get into NYC until 6/4 so I can not go to any events b4 then
Not a happy camper  not having a good day at all . . . 
@Fearnecotton i am gonna miss the show  at whitby for the weekend! btw i love your show! Radio 1 is always on! ly x
running errands with geeta . . .  feeling like i have the plague
Want to hang out with beth and tenaya and their hubbys tonight . . . but jon wants to hang out with some other people
Ha I got another #followfriday. take that @mage! oh . . .  your listed too . . .  thanks a lot @Lowjacker ya jerk.
i didnt get a hug today
Tonight is my last night in my apartment . . . 
My cat died of kidney failyoure dyouring my math test  This day needs to get better.
@TheHebrican can we trade weather  ?   it is all gloomy today in la.
I feel actual heartbreak . .  @Levanah_Gates last night  x
@amandadiva i have  had to do laundry for the last two days
 * sigh *  Last day at work. I has an sadifying in my heartparts.
I missed the math trade
wishing i could go out of town this weekend
@NG01 you got it. poor thing not gonna have a choice for much longer though
@Zaidah1 i can not listen to music at work  I probably could try ,  but theni will have to start hunting for a new job on monday
@ChrisSligh I am saddened to see you felt the need to comment about Clay. I know you do not  care ,  but you lost one follower today.
i have the adam lambert version of FEELIN GOOD in my head . . .  i miss idol already.
promised myself not to eat crisps but i am starving and theres nothing else quick to eat
ok ,  I want to quit my job . . . .
@Suai awww me sorry . .  it is been so long . .  u left me
My paycheck was nothing but a piece of paper.
@tahninial nothing ,  they make it up ,  last ti ame i checked a jar of cyourry sauce there was no pepper inside ,  i was disappointed
Not eating funnel cake at Mag Fest is what I am doing
Wish I was going back to the lake for the weekend . . . had a blast . . . miss my lil bro
@laydieluck777 damn  real sorry to hear that ma
@meganduffy aww I miss u too! have notate
@aliasgirl18 Exactly!  He wouldn ' t say it if they would hinted it to hi am. I will seriously die with hi am if it is true.
@Katrinasummer Dude ,  I hear ya.i will be 26 two weeks from tomorrow. I feel old.
R is going to be mad  Science of Sleep is missing and it is due back! I didn ' t even get to watch it!
Mexico City traffic  Beating the rush hoyour to make it to the Aeropuerto
@binary42 i am sorry you will not make it.
has has an ok day with jo. She bit me and now it is bruised.
@birdsandbones meeee too. i am listening to sad music and missing you.  ps - http/www.daytrotter.com/
@jennjolie yep . . .  or it should b automatic that if u fall 4 someone that person does 2!or smthng like that . . .  but the way it is SUCKS!
@sirhova it is been clownin since it got flooded in htown in april. Got it repaired or so I thought.
I feel sorry for male singers.  they are never gonna be as great Zac Hanson! Pooorr fellas
@sarahfenn I prefer overcast days too. Sorry it is hot where you are.
ayy fml. nothing is perfect
@BabyStowz yea ,  feel like i am bein ignored
about to start work and missing hi am like crazy.I wont be seeing hi am till Tuesday
@kyourttheobald No problem. Unfortunately ,  I think it was just something I had to sort out on my own.
I know I shouldn ' t be saying this but fuck it . . i am horny as hell  http/twyourl.nl/8q6cjc
home ,  do not  feel like going to work tomorrow
@mileycyrus AHHHH ! ! ! ! Voting is closed for your categories ! ! !   I would have voted for you in them though!  I tried.
Had some fun in the sun  ,   ,   i am not seeing my tan yet though      I want chocolate!
@Rckstar53 Why I gotta be all that  ?   . . .  I sad now
wish i didnt have to go to work tonight
Still not feeling well
Biggest food fight/mosh pit ever and i miss it from across the school
Fire call today missed it
was gonna go to my brothers show but still feeling like poo : *  * (
Is anyone else having a bad Friday  ?   Is not a fun day today.
Is on  ' msn '  ,  but nones on! :@  : ' (
Best day at work ,  best weekend ahead. Hopefully I will have someone to go to USC with . . . 
at the risk of sounding like a whiny child ,  I gotta say . . . I WANNA GO HOOOOOOOOOOOOMEEEEE ! ! !  Ugh.
Prodigiy and The Crystal Method tomorrow for USC Birthday party and I have to work  first ti ame I miss the Crystal Method. SAD!
@backstreetboys http/twitpic.com/3x3wq - i ampossible to know them closely
@jordanhowell nah just iplayer listening back to it ,  it is not working
I just lost my favorite pen  good thing I have a back up =D
@AbbyRo good good same sched for me too sadly
@stephenjerzak awww i didnt pass my speech
Bye bye edinbyourgh  i do not  want to leave
Kinda pissed really wanted to go see Drag me to Hell with Christina and Garrit ,  but I have to work till 2am  i am go . . .  http/znl.me/OSWGH
@tommcfly helllllloooooooooooo tom ,  gig tonight  ?   sorry i am not syoure when your shows are over there! miss you in the UK  HI HI HI HI HI
what the fuck . . . ahaha i hate my life someti ames. why reply on only bad things   . . even if it was not bad and i was kidding but whatever! fml
@Freebies4Mom will they have your video available online  ?    I have been gone all morning and missed it   after waiting so long 4 it
is not running in the Annapolis half marathon this weekend because i failed to meet the registeration deadline  it is completely filled
@loryanyumul i miss you  when are you gonna be down in irvine again  ?    ?   liz and i were just reminiscing about all oyour adventyoures.
The most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone I love. What is worse is I can not even hold them and say i am sorry
gonna do laundry . . . never did laundry @ a hotel before . . . .I miss you R . . . .even though you ignore me and don even check on me . . . 
@Kathleen_Bee same here : /   Coincidently ,  my friend just cancelled oyour movie date
just woke up . . . dont want to go into work at 4
Done with geology!! But i am really missing my favorite sisters! Especially because they can not go to banquet tonight
i am so depressed right now. IDK . . . 
holy wow ,  I think I could ' ve slept all day! Soooo tired.
@MovieTFan: Well that is just completely lame. i am sorry dude.
@ohcherub  Yeah I know what you mwan.
Senior is last day.
pics arent working for me here on twitter
is sad coz hyd theka is dont have beer
i am so down again.  I wish I could share my problems with someone . . . 
What do u see in her that i dont have  @Shadez
Where is the sun!!
Arghh ,  just found out @ianknaan is going to be here at Rock the Bells and I can not go
Fb I hate when I try  support my local bookstore  they never have what I need
have yet to start this paper due tonight. i have no motivation
It figyoures. It starts raining as I am freed from work
@supergirlnancy sorry  All the codes I have are posted on oyour site
@ekardmatt well you MY man ,  you and your truck are 900 too many miles away!!
Just found out that Mad Men season 3 is delayed until August.
@jonjordan w00t! Glad to hear it! Though I am missing watching it outside the Igloo by a day
why i still lose followers  ?    the people hates me ,  THE WORLD hates me or maybe  . . .  Read More: http/is.gd/Jg3I
I hate not bringing my ipod to school
@jaycool2k I do want to go for Peaches . . .  but also Miss Kittin ,  pendulum ,  chasestatus and the bloody beetroots! it is not fair
Far too sick to sing.  i have  got a post nasal drip and a sore throat ,  just sent my sorry I will not be there email
Just helped save a runaway dog. he didn ' t want to be my friend ,  though.
bad mood now
headache headache go away
@oleg_s can not test it . . . my demo license expired yesterday
Ugh ,  still sick. This Calgary cold has lasted forever.
Still stupidly sick . . . cancelled oyour Philly trip. Sad day
Sorry. Just think - 2.5 hrs till 2 days off!
 . . .  Still feelin like blah . . .  3 more hoyours
@velmadaria i am still thinking about that  *  FKC *  meal I missed yesterday
Poyouring outside . .  Cleaning out my locker . .  My bookbag is heavy and my back and arms are killing me
bored ,  everyone has a social life except me ,  and i am babysitting my brothers tonight til 10 and i dunno if ill be allowed out after that
she is gone   I miss my kay way already
feelin lonely now after spendin the last 50 hoyours with my friends
i think i am gay
I came home thinking that maybe there was something good to eat. Apparently not.
Looking for a special girl  i am fed up of bein hyourt
@aldenpolicar how sad! are you saying that i am fat  ?     *  tears * 
@ the drs. in beverly hills . . . doctor is scare crap out of me
@stephmccall ugh i am more worried about history on wednesday  i am freaking out about it so much!
Haha i bet a man did make heels! i am sorry you hyourt though.  I hope you feel better!  ~Livelovesing~
@jflutie u never sent me carrie. your an asshole. but an asshole that i miss
I can safely say I will not be a eyouro winner this week!!
@erickaditioner noooooooo  i miss you sooooooo much ,  gaah
I have no friends
@RebeccaBlack_ i am SORRY ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! ! ahahah you and rachel look so much a like.
has a headaaaaaaaaaaaache
@karenemcg yeah ,  that does not sound very good
crappy music on the radio
@XJakeXChaosX no  their playing in st.pete but it is been sold out for months. i am trying to go to the orlando one  ,  i live in st.pete lol
@musecrossing it is not the 10.5 % so much as the A)Sugar and B)Taste  . . .  lord that  will put ya down ,  and not in the fun way
@MsTeagan Sadly cannot listen . . .    *  sob * 
i am so bored well this is a crappy first day out of school
i want to cry
@Ashleypeaces left.  so sad. waiting for mom to come home. want to have papa johns for dinner.
i am soo bored . . . i am deffo missing my music channels
@velcr0shoes Great . . . i will check it when I get off work . . .   They block Si ams at work . . . 
@Ziggy420 my friday feels boring too. no ti ame for fun today and not so much in the mood for it either
@wynstonfernando i have to take 1 class in fall   ,  it is cool though . .  i am okay with that
@EMPSFM I had to work and missed it    Shannon could barely contain herself.  She had an amazingly good ti ame
Someti ames I wish I had my hair back
@mtmodular Pixies - Number 13 gives me such an energy rush. They are playing a festival close to me in June ,  but work will not me me go
@birthdaytwin that is depressing
I just want this whole day to hyourry up , 
@AppleCharlotte unfair  I wanna go too.
@shi819 my gaming thingy. Mine finally died after 5 years. RIP.
@SlamboOutchea This is not my day
Yea baby!! i am gonna miss you so much
crashing from my WI high . . . missing mayfield
I hate being sick.  Make me soup  ?  
So screwed for sat 2 us
The sun is not cool
is not feelin well . . .  i feel sooooo weak . . . i hate bein sick in the summer
17 hoyours left of being a teenager . .  and ill be sleepin for 8-10 of those hoyours . .  how depressing
so wanted to go to the Basshunter concert tonight.  so so so wanted to.
i miss my boo
after bragging about kitten cuteness ,  my cat never came home  i wanna throw up
I really wanted that job
UGG WANT TO GO TO KAYLEN HOUSE BUT I CANT FINNA BE BORED THIS WEEKEND ! ! !  UUyourGG WANNA SPEND DA NITE  AND GO SEE UP AND GO SHOPPING
@One_Call awww i wish i could but i have no talking minutes
it is a sad day for beer drinking movie goers. The Speakeasy theaters are no more
Not in a good mood.  My mama is away with my sis so can not talk to either of them and my boy can not see me this weekend as planned.
man i fucked up that test  playing cod now . 31 days till the summer !
Is stuck in some long ass traffic on the motorway . . . i am not gonna get home until after 10pm  i am so tired . . . 
it is a beautiful night ,  i am stuck inside feelin ill instead of being a crazzzzzzzy ass party!
@staceyi awww i missed it  twitpic  ?  
I am watching 28 Weeks Later. Not as good at Days.
@OGVENOE I can not die  I have a lunch date with rocio coming up plus some new shoes UGH!
NOT a good day. Sigh
My tummy hyourts . . . 
missin the #ia2009 guys really
@chezery and i am just going into work . . .  if we were married ,  we wud never see each other
Gah ,  i am jittery and upset for absolutely NO reason . . . 
Rest in peace marshall
@iaretanja I forgot to put something  on that is very essential to my day.
Writing in yearbooks make me wanna cry
Heeder is again and on Monday as well . . .  absolutely no plans for the weekend
@sweet_pea00 darn  i will think of you on oyour joyourney so it is like you are really there
@spyou Oh no!  i am so sorry!    I hope you are back on the bike soon.
is locked out for the house! shit ,  thank god there is internet . . . 
@angelofmusic11 and why can not toy story come out this june
@tina_beanz damn sorry to hear that tina . . . 
Assfuck ,  i am sorry roll. Okay I gave in.  i am such a sucker.  http/twitpic.com/677xt
#thingsmummysaid  You are the result of a broken condom.
@pinksealight oh lucky u!! i need to send mines away to get fixed
My phone is so stubborn!! You would think it had my genes or something!!
@thebeckyanne i am giving my sis a show at my crib Sunday ,  she is an incredible jewelry designer ,  but you  will be gone
just watched UP in 3d - that movie is so beautiful but so sad at the same ti ame
Also ,  WHERE IS MY TOY STORY 3 TEASER CARMIKE 14  ?   YOU SAID THERE WOULD BE TOY STORY 3!  Movie theater fail
Porter is making be a sad panda
whopee TGIF   that was more fun when i had a job
i am at work starving
@singpolyma aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh I hate the Internet  When will people learn native widgets are always best
Man it is two o clock 2 more hrs till I have to be at work
@ericcanaday is a no show for lunch. Eating solo at noodles
@ddlovato DEMI YOU WERE SO PRETTY WITH YOU are BANGS AND EVERYTHING .YOU LOOK TOO GROWN UP IN THIS PICTyourE  i liked your bangs.
Hi ,  is anybody else having problems with the Karma site  ?   it is not working.
I wish I was out of school . . . But sadly ,  I still have like another month left.
@sophhs cool. i am tempted too see it again  I feel sorry for JB though because there were hardly any people
@arizonaobvious  that sucks
happy and sad  may her soul rest in peace
I think that mowing the lawn should not be allowed to be done by teenagers. It sucks! Well off to mow.
@Xulap Consider yourself lucky.  It hasn ' t rained here in ages.   it is depressing.
I think shopping solves the world is problems. If only I didn ' t have to leave Atlanta tomorrow
Had to spend lunch myourderin hit is
@kerlikoiv very familiar . . . .sorry you are feeling that way
@bigcitysomeone  I wish I could go. See ya at Warped for syoure tho!
feeling really dizzy  not soo good
From Portugal to Derbyshire. At least sun is shining but lawn looks like Percy Thrower is Gardner-in-Residence! Weekend jobs =
the japanese exchange student is the cutest thing i have  ever seen. seriously HAHA i want to put her in my pocketkeep her D:
@lowestformofwit
Rain finally arriving ,  drat. Guess this means we  will have to picnic in the living room instead of at WolfTrap tonite.
@AgesTheGreat ii do not  HAVE ANY EiTHER
@contentwhore  lyoure her in with a foot massage!
@allti amebritt  why not now you made me sad I thought you would be jumping for joy
Getting my hair done . . . missing hi am
O dios acaban de tocar The Pains Of Being Pyoure At Heart en el pri amavera sound  life is not fair
someone does not feel good . . . 
@wholee Aaron and I are playing a gig at the Life Aquatic party outside of Austin ,  so I think we  will have to mis the TT Bday party ,  sadly
Aaahhhh poor Chops the pig  ! ! ! 
@Saaaandra I want to go with you !  But i am tierd . . . 
@debby41 your not alone i am gutted i missed the convention too!
Stupid freshmen ruined theatre class . .  Now we do not  get to play warm-up games for the rest of the school year
@LLDA  lo siento but I dint have enough room =/
Work ,  work. Me not that kind o '  orc.
@AdotEVANS i am having a bad day
@MandyyJirou  damn was about to call
I got a text from this guy who I do not  like ,  and who has the same name as the guy I do! How disapointing!
As of tomorrow ,  both roomies will be gone
Just changed my car tires ,  cost me a bomb.
I wanna see my mama but she hasn ' t called me back yet  MAMA . . . MAMA ! ! ! 
All done cleaning! Taking a break . . . oh my god  my back hyourts
Wanted to take a photo of the storm ,  but misplaced my camera!
Saying good bye to ronald today was difficult and sad well miss yuu!
i have  just realised. I will not be able to talk to any of you crazy cats on Sunday. Is sad now.
Sitting ,  wondering ,   wishing for a bunch of stuff that will never be
@HalestormRocks I wish y ' all . . . unfortunately I will not be able to make it . . . gotta work my 2nd gig today
http/twitpic.com/678hs - 300 yd drive within feet of the green. 2nd ti ame playing the hole so does not count though  #bcit #golf
@Alyssa_Milano We had a local pet store get shut down last for something like that . . . it is horrible ,  what some ani amals go through.
@luuloo  i am really sorry i know wallah how u feel this life is shittttttttt
lunch in the forrest  . . .  it is so baron.  fpu is so dead
NO ONE . . . THALIA AND FAT JOE----WTF IS UP WITH TERRI . . . i am NOT GETN NE FUNNIES TODAY
Yeah ,  that didn ' t last long . . 
#fieldnotes I ordered some on the 8th and they still have notarrived. 3 weeks and still no books
@dougiemcfly ME TOO! hehe i hate colds. totaly annoying . . . 
Work has really sucked the past 2 days  now my 11:00 meeting on Mon got rescheduled to 9 am! That is just plain evil . . . i need a new job!!
Sad face moment of the day
Sitting in an almost empty dorm ,  waiting for jordan to come to take some last things and say good bye. He graduates tomorrow.
@SosiP oooh . . . I wish I could ' ve gone there today ,  too!   I know Zach was looking forward to it.
@Zee I can not ,  #gravity will not let me.
@suzanella I missed mine ,  too. Not fun . . . 
@rebeccao372 not too bad , but I did get some bad news this afternoon ,  I got stopped by the police   brake lights out but it is 30 fine
Had a relaxing day at the park in the sun. Back to work tomorrow
@MichyVasquez oh  just be careful on the road.
My friend is son just got to visit Daddy after 3 yrs. Denied cuz Daddy lost job  could not pay a ton of support. Kids want parents not $!
@2Mbs: to triste
there is only one more cherry dr. pepper left in the fridge . . . thank God. i am addicted to that stuff but it does sad things to my skin.
so i am super sick w/ a fever
@chrisettefan HEY! aww man ,  no ,  i didnt IGNORE YOU i just dont have mobile web. so i can only txt.  i can see you unless i am here 
I am so hungry! And there is no food for me to steal
ughhhhhhhh i do not  feel good
@emzo2k9 miss u m8   we NEED tae have a catch up n that
@MegFitzgerald my heart hyourts too.
it makes me want to cry when 2 grown men discuss characters on All My Children.
looks like we are rained out for weekend cli ambing
excited to see UP for Logan is Birthday in 2 weeks. Sad he wont have a party bc he does not know any kids ,  tho.
Looking for food at home! . . .  nothing
I do not  wanna go to work
 . . .  So I always get left out
back garden ti ames. my feet hyourt
i used to have an ozzy osboyourne pillow. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
@shawin That is the problem. The earphones I get here do not  last more than 2 months ,  no matter what brand or price.
my phone is dead and my charger is miles away . .  @T_S_R i will talk to you in august
@Eujean2 yeah
@sidrajalil1132 why were you even asking others then  you should have been enjoying the sadness of missing it like me.
@MicahJosiahD i really am going to miss you
Follow @Mz5thAve cause she really shop there ! ! !  Even though she do not  be showin love no more
I do not  seem to have any photos of me and my Grandma together for tomorrow. It is heart breaking
28deg C in here ,  all this tech in my room does have the major downside of a lot of heat ,  does not help it is hot outside 2
@stereophonics http/twitpic.com/6714p - well done guys! I am gonna miss the tweets!
failed inspection. Did you know you can pass wo/oven ,  but not wo/anti-tip bracket ,  which is only sold w/oven  ?   This is worse than taxes.
Battery is going to die!
@daynah it does not work with the iPhone yet   I love it for the si amplicity but I need to be able to sort tasks on my iPhone to be useful
disappointed the didnt win teh glasses.
Off to the porn store. I forgot to put Dave in my iPod.  Fail.
Well rite i gt a headache
@srubin sorry to disappoint.
This sars has really got me down.
@AgesTheGreat UGH!  DiDNT HiT ME UP  ?   OK  LOL JK. WHAT WERE U DOiN HERE  ?  
i want my face to be a somatic drawing of david lanham  or i want a leopard theme his somatic theme . .   i am so sad . . i am such a big fan . . 
I am tired.
i am wishing I was outside instead of trapped in my office.
I shrunk my favoyourite cardigan.  Hubby said he would buy me a new one. I practically lived in it and it is gone. I shall say a few words 
@BonDean Sad thing is that I wanted to work there for years ,  it was my dream job. Was crushed when I saw how crappy it was. Still bitter
Yep ,  @CAndymanTK9772. Sleep-fail. In another 7-8 hoyours ,  it  will be DD-fail.
@angiemartinez me too.  I was in Florida last weekend for the rain.  Came back home to RI ,  rain.  Terrible
 . . . retyourn my joy cos i am so  Tired ,  tired of me Inspire the weary eyed to see the Ire and Irony . . . 
officially misses Quark.  huhuhu! i had no heart hand partner and no one to dance with tonight! come home so . . .  http/plyourk.com/p/x2k1z
@zwriter your missing qualifying  I think David Reuti amann is leading with a 22.96  . . . 
@OliverPhelps have a good ti ame!! Sadly that means i am probably gonna have rain
iWaiting For Natie to come online I miss hi am
UGH . . .  I am soooo drag assing today  but on a brighter note I got my G1 update  it is the biznesssss!
havent been on here in ages  sorry twitter . .  tweetdeck is broken
(cont.) Small children are not puppies. And cleche sarcasm is so annoying. Bcreative ,  but then again ,  that is too harrd
no one to go see Tiesto with
Watching Dr. Phil is special on same-sex marriage. it is sad how ignorant some people are
this sucks schools over and there is nothing to do
i feel like a fish. i am in a big glass car dealership looking out to a world of people walking by having fun in the sun  and i am stuck here.
i am at work . . . bored out of my mind.
why did i sunbathe today  i look like a lobster ,  i feel like someones byourning me alive!
@eddieishere can only walk on streets as am in london town . . . no fields
no #thedailyshow this week
Why does flickr no longer recognize my e-mail addresses.  I can not log in.
OH NO ZOMBIEPIX do not  FOLLOW ME ANYMORE . . .  NEED SOMEONE TO CHEER ME UP
Last day of work. Taking myself off of all these shared googledocs . . .  actually kinda getting to me
@LiveFreeT  awww that is sad . . . 
@CrypticIrnAngel Sad  nothing.
i am very tired , bored and sad.what a great evening!
would love to say TGIF but working at 6am tomorrow
mad traffic
is working until 11 tonight  http/plyourk.com/p/x2kbv
But i dont mind the long line when theres a super cutie in front of me. Too bad he is wearing a gay bracelet with a girls name on it
Loved the sun today. Did not love a black suit and black top plus 6 trains/tubes to get to my meeting and back  Need to shop for summer
Dane Cook is at the sports arena tonight. Wish I had tickets
What the fuck!  ?   it is only 205!!  ?   Oh my GOD! My internal clock really IS fucked up. Nooooo.
i am gonna cry    I went bad at my History test ! I really hate History  !
Beta 5 of 3.0 expired today ,  back on 2.2.1 until the public release. I miss it already
So Chicago is pretty much sold out of tshirts now
WOW ,  i AM REALLY MiSSiN THE FAM(iLY) TODAY. BADDD.
really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it . .  thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
I miss my Nipissing pitas  Good thing we ' ve got a Euphoria in Barrie ,   ' cause I would never syourvive summer without my pitas AND smoothies!!
oh my god ! taylor and selena broke up  sooo sad ,  aw i think i actually like selena now. poor gal.
friend got mugged this morning
family comes. probably will not be on this weekend
@billiemcfly she said no not to nite  x
House Hunting was a PAIN! House Shifting is a SUPER PAIN!! Packing never seems to end  I can not even i amagine Unpacking 
Another Friday night in. Man being skint is rubbish.
@realdawnsummers haha ,  because i am at work and can not read anything
God , i will miss my bf so fuckin '  much!  it is only 2 months now  *  snff * 
I knew Listening to Miley cyrus In The morning was a bad idea!
oh my god  maddie in holby is dead. Gutted. loved Nadine lewington and really wanted Maddie and Clifford to get together
@zacofficial  i do not  have twitter on my phone ,  it is sad
Awww my daddy! Got in a car accident! Pray for hi am! He is shook ' n up a lil!
Just found out one of my coworkers that I actually like is leaving.
i wish i was outside  thats the only thing thats gonna kill me about work all day ,  everyday dyouring the summer.
it was actually so hot today  . . the sun has got his hat on . every one has got a tan except me
@Avas_Writer aww no which one  ?  
@mileycyrus sorryyy milerz that i can not vote i would love to vote but it does not works i am sad  and very frustraded  :@ :@ --__--
I wont be taking my test until 06/27/09
@glennbeck My husband is loosing his GOVERMENT job due to downsizing-he is looking for a new job but can not find one in oyour small town
@sky14kemea Yea ,  us 3 and Max @jenrolton Poor Trivun
Gonna miss my gyourl while shes on her honeymoon
Have somebody installed vCenter Server 4 on Windows 2008 x64 w SP2  ?    SP2 is not in the compability matrix
So hyped about E3. I wish I could go . . . 
ouuuuuuuuuchhhhhhhh ,  still hyourting from the Barca spanking
@latinamarie She is the ruddy manageress - 2nd bad job from her. I can never find a good place beyond 1 or 2 cuts
@BoHeMyth: Very interested. However ,  low carbs for the next month means no beer for me
fun ti ames. just broke my usb stick . .  like literally broke it . . 
i neeeeed plans. no one can hang out tomorrow. booo.
god . . .  i am suffering greatly . . .  having no hair + sitting in blazing sunshine = v v bad sunbyourn
haha aww ok now back to bionomial expansion  ugh! joy
@Jennifalconer would like to swap . . . i am sitting with 3 grumpies
@Kellz95 is making cupcakes and says i can not have any  kelli ,  you are a bad sister.
Nice days like this make me miss Alki
@Kenzonian Yes I do! And i am still almost at my Gmail storage ceiling! ARGH! I am being FORCED to delete stuff . . .  or buy more space.
mom just woke me u[p and i am so mad i was dreaming about  shoes  she whants me to go to the river it is so stupid
@brran1 Hey you! Did you ever pre-order your Si ams 3  ?   i am so sad i am too poor to get it right now
I hate car places  Jx
@Just_Cal Work or . . . (hehe mind in the gutter)! i am sittin here doin this student loan thing.
So disapointed , good Evans ,   they sound really bad ,  so out of tune  #britainsgottalent
@tmg25 i tried to help
soo sick. i hate my life
@oh my god amandanicole i dedicated that song to my VW when i sold it
Well - looks like Hyourdle is out.
unopened pack of goat cheese starin me in the face. starving ,  din not til 6
Editing video in the van. i am a little hungry and depressed that I didn ' t see Up yet.
Friday Night and working
@nkeathley tried to join the chat but the site would not let me sign in
Just lost Internet.  And I was in a raid for 25 OS.
Comp. Mental Health wouldn ' t take me. Samuel Rogers center in the city gave me appt. On June 8th. I have 2 days worth of pills left    . . . 
@KiwiiKink was it for the vma is  ?   i guess so . .  also wanna go to london in june for demi lovato concert ,  but no one is going with me
is having a profitable day!  Looking forward to Sunday . . . gonna be a great day -- sad ,  too ,  because it is the 5th graders last day!
@Kelly_StrayCat I sorry!!  Me no like when people I like do not  feel well. your tummy  ?  
still freakin out about missing the game ! ! !   #jonasnewsongs
Mower shopping
I someti ames feel like the only person in the world without an iphone
I byournt my arm.  (just thought you should know)
twitter is trippin right now with my pic
@JeremyBeguhn have fun without meee.  i am going to missss youu
My Blackberry is got a fatty (battery)  guess we are kinda in the same boat huh @layourensanchez   ?  
Gotta work.  Lonely weekend ahead.
@LiveFreeT because your mean to me and it makes me sad!
i didnt get paid this week  roll on tuesday
@eprussakov oh unfortunately not
@iheartreading hey sorry i just got the tweet about the puppy . . .  and someone already got it
i am dreading hearing even worse news tonight
SEe waT I Mean bOuT FoLL0w fRiiDaYs . . .  it is cALLed LoSe f0LloWeRs FridAy . . .  smH
In Seattle Washington . . . i am SOOOOO hungryi miss alaska
@ottosdaughter sorry to hear that
FJGKFLD; isdh WHY AM I NOT AT HOMETOWN DAYS WITH MY FRIENDS.
@ZeenaBoBeena i am sorry. I fail.
@MandyyJirou MANDY ! ! !   IT will not LET ME VOTE  I WANT HER TO WIN BUT I can not HELP ,  I AM GONNA JUMP OFF A BRIDGE (KIDDING) BUT THIS SUX
@CASHRIC I MISS U CEDDY
So bored . . need friends
it is raning ! ! !  -_- really bad
Of coyourse it rains five minutes after i finish watering the flowers. It took me half an hoyour to water all of them too.
Hummmmm . . . . ohh  i miss you so much ! ! !  realy ,  but i hope you have a nice friends ,  like us 
ugh ,  i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
No show tonight  No plans. Ughhhh.
Off to take a math quiz . . . on a friday . . . booo
@Noufah aaaah I swear I took it by mistake  it was somehow attached with the charger -_- apparently it needed break from U huh!
@ThatKadyGirl every day of my life lately.    i feel ya girl 3
i want to see my bud mel  miss hyour loads
@mattdavey2 not happy
@leslie_pearlman  mow love mow
@veronica78 Oh noooo that sucks  Did you reschedule for another show  ?  
just spent the day with Bridget and a small thing that got wind and farted a lot - oh yeah ,  her baby! Now slightly broody!
I wish I was going to see @patmaine @johnmaine @garrettmaine @jaredmaine @kennedymaine today!! i am sad I dont
traveling to L.a to see my grandpa in the hospital . . . another road block for my family to cross . . . 
@Dtballa2322 I want to Forgive and Forget this! Please and I dont like hi am I promise I am going to live without drama for now!So Please
@Anjeebaby Snap. i am the same with any reality show. Watch the first and i am hooked   Very sad
No one is at the tesla dealership
Stuck at work! Stuck at work! i am hungry.
Watching Thomas The Train Engine makes me miss George Carlin
Why is it that shipping  handleing are soooo expensive   ?     ?     ?    It is more than 50 % of my entire order! Not ordering yet.
Wishing I could go with @boulderdiaries to SoCo to go cli amb ,  instead i am stuck at work all weekend
lunch break is over ,  going back to work . . . 
MediaTemple (mt) has awful FTP service
wtf come i need this day to go by
Ooh hayfever has struck . . thought I was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  Remedies anyone . . .   ?  
: What a let down! No MRI today ,  neyourosyourgeon didn ' t order it--which means we have to come back to OkC soon  we no nothing new
Okay gots to go and now for the first ti ame since it started will miss the Block Party on @retrorewind
watching Army Wives and it always makes me cry
i am german i think i should be able to go to germany for free whenever i want . . . plz
It`s such a romantic novel!! I cried in the end  Now I`m going to bed. I`m so tired.
Not happy
@JhonenV I need horror to be lovecraftian actually ,  not enough weird horror movies.
the BEST day ever. I met the greatest 10 year olds. but i will never see them again . .  AHH.i will miss them (i saw them 1 hoyour xD) SAD
finally friday  ,  but still grounded till next thyoursday    -- stereos = life 333
@jennafletch at freddies having a cotch and LADYHAWKE is here ,  just missing you my bajan beauty
still no eat. still in office. and now i get sick throat 3 days before i leave for an air condition throat killing toyour bus
@Leod_UK Argh Twitter didnt post my replies and tweets for ages  Aint up to much just enjoying the sun!
@KristinDaMama I work for Disney . . . not all it is cracked up ta be.
@roseCHARLOTTE oh my gosh ! ! !  Tomorrow AS WELL ! ! !    ?     ?     ?     ?   ! ! !   ?  !  ?  !  ?   God you are lucky ,  I might have to put it off for yet ANOTHER week
Off to the bank
i am not happy   my ipod or laptop dont know whih but one has decided to refuse to let me sync my songs : ' ( how can i live without it 
fell down while holdin kales hand today . . . I hyourt my foot  he bruised his forehead  i am such a klutz!
@rpulse I clicked on the Check out pictyoures of Angelina and it went to a spam site about ordering checks  . .  go figyoure
Lobster dinner with MBA folks tonight ,  but no terasse ,  poyouring rain in Mtl . . . 
@gailmoscoso oo noo thats not good
feeling bad for Daisy ,  she cries in every episode       i watch waaaaay too much tv
I lost a follower  oh well probably one of those mute ones anyway.
i have  been dead the past 2 days . . . the flu sucks
@skinnermike I told that joke onstage at Butlins in 1991. One person laughed. Scarred for life at 8
@AsaCavalli wish I was there wit you. Some other friend of mine r down there as well.  This weekendi will be working
Oh i am really tired of these migraines! #Endometriosis  #Fibromyalgia  #Migraines  sleep probs just compoundin ea other since syourgery
@BIOSShadow i am not going ,  sadly.  Maybe next year ,  eh  ?  
not feeling too great today
@dutchcowboys Huh . . .  PR from 5 to 2 . .   ?  
@tommcfly hey tom ,  i am happy that you are enjoying brazil ,  but i am sad cuz i am not goin to see you in your show
i wish mum hadn ' t spent forever talking to me so i could call my kiera later  . .  i do not  have much ti ame left now though
Has work very ,  very soon. Way too soon!
@jgooden When you put it that way . . .  it does not make much sense ,  does it  ?      ROTFL!!
Listening to Hey Zulu - Red n '  Meth. Sux to be at work right now
i have  experienced apathy over empathy in customer service situations too many ti ames recently.
@RaptorsForum Sigh . . .  you know I am . . . 
Missed the UPS guy again! Ugh so sad  But i got some cool stuff today that i am super excited about! And looking forward to tonight too
@CreationsWHeart Ive been wanting 2 but will be gone 4 2 mo.  have to close my shops!
Finally feels like a nice summer day ,  and i am feeling sick
found a swing set for sale 2 blocks from home ,  super cheap. I want it 4 my kids but no one is answering the phone # listed
I miss Heroes already  Come one fall!
All my spare ti ame seems  ' twill be spent doing homework this weekend.
i am feeling so frustrated . . . I just can not get things to work!!
Ewwwy. Just did campus cleanup for community service.
@gfalcone601 that little girl on BGT! how sad! i cried  lolx
@NathalieCaron I ended up not going because my left knee is killing me.  I think I pushed myself too much yesterday
Please do not  vote for her out of sympathy!  #BGT
aw that wee lassie made me cry  tears streamin doon ma face lol thats a wee shame x
Sitting watching britain is got f all talent ,  but have watched a small girl cry and it is sad
Bless the little girl on BGT!
@jennwadsworth So sad that schools have to close.
@Jennifalconer how tough was that ,  just wanted to hug her like my own
phone is still blocked only my fav 5 can cll me
@tyefighter I had to sell guitar hero with ps3 to fund splitting with ex
@gfalcone601 ino  i was near crying for her  someti ames i forget that it is actually live tv =/  . . . .am i talkin about the sme thing  ?  
@Abbyluvsaj nice! I wish twitter would tile mine
ughhh! this is the third bottle of foundation i have  broken
@kezzawezz i want 2 but i dinna hink it  will get shown in elgin n got nae1 2 go with(n)
@Dorkus_ Well their not gonna fit her in with this big long advertisement
@decaydance --Nothing
@FTSKirstin i am depressed like so baddddd.
@gfalcone601 Britain is Got Talent  ?   Such a cute little girl. Feel so sorry for her!   Hope Si amon finds the ti ame!
@coollike  the cokies arnt real i amaginary will hav to do mmmmmmmmmmmm cookie . . . 
No one is bringing snacks
ugh . . .  dunno why i am just not in the best of moods . . .  how do i know if i have allergies  ?   meh . . . 
I want to join but i live in michigan
The bunny is longing for the hoodie she left in the car   brrr . . . 
It was going to happen one day but I so feel for the girl AND her mum
@0oMiriamo0 but i like the idea going to cinema ,  but monday . . . 
@i amjustDaNNi Awww thats not fair to me. Now i am a lil sad
@SOREALCRU it is Gloomy in LA no sun  but it is nice
Excitement: 8 new followers overnight. Sadness: 6 of them are ad bots.
@Mulla8285 Oh noooooo ! ! !       i am so sorry!!  That sucks hard!
@siggidori sorry ,  i am creating a new comedy style bad joking
oh my god  i am going to robinson with tyler wfm. And i freakin miss anthony  ugh today kinda sucks. Lex3
@lobsterandswan it is a beautiful blog ,  but Im not able to acess it anymore!!
Plan for this evening: dinner ,  shopping for dress shirts ,  watching Up ,  going to bed. Plan for Satyourday: Funeral for a friend . . . 
@Jason_Inc Sounds good. I still like Fridays although it means for me that I have to go to work tomarrow
Not making good ti ame ,  fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: http/bkite.com/07XOh
@robineccles Indeed I did get your song however am unable to listen.
@aaronhoskins I fucking miss that band so so much
miss my hubby already!
@randiellen03 Nofair! My BK only had Uhyoura and Nero left.
needs water ,  paper towels and coke from the store but feels too sick to go get it
@CagneyArtist ~ Sorry the response to my assistant job has already been filled. Please check back soon.  i am syoure she will not last long.
at home and sore knee
@TheRedHood it is my going away partyyy @mandydiblasi  is.  you should come!
@stoya li amited web access  ?   i thought eyourope was a lot more connected than we were. regardless ,  have fun ,  i have  never been to eyourope
@theroser i miss you SO much-o
That poor girl on britains got talent ,  god love her  forgot the words and cried  but gets a second chance to perform again : ]
@brran1 that really sucks - I think I might cry if I skipped over anything i amportant I do not  have. Comps are getting to be disposable
aWWW Poor Holly
@zhighlife people r weird
#justcause Summer Hoyours say oyour day ends at 1pm . . . does not mean I really get to leave at 1.
Ti ame to take a astronomy test!
Getting used to getting up in the cold ,  but my asthma is paying for it.
Is actually workin the weekend . . . Not for it
Back from LAAANDAN.  Miss it already   check out my new giant pyourple bow and gold wing necklace. I 3 TD http/tinyyourl.com/m5y2mw
I miss my dog  r.i.p.Batman . . .  Yeah ,  Batman (I really hope  ' all dogs go to heaven '  is true)
Wal-Mart orientation . . . it is work ,  but seriously . . . this sucks
@joemuggs yourgh . . . Gri ame ,  me no likey
do not  know if I can watch Holly again ,  breaks your heart
my favorite cyourling iron broke
@VegasRex I wish I had ti ame!! But it is back to the airport already!
i have  been nudged ! ! !  not much going on lately umped games over the wknd and i took one to the pills
Ya  will I tyourned off my device updates and I can not tyourn em back on! I feel so . . . so . . . out of touch
didnt cry at the end but was very sad to see the last episode of ER. man that was a good series.
@_Toki_ the wee girl started crying and her mum came on ,  was such a shame
it is so sad  http/bit.ly/b8jTH  I love Kelly! 3
@3RDegree09 man i still have notseen that movie . . . too bad i am at work
@chevelleluv p.s. sorry about your uncle
I hate watchn things that make me sad n wana cry
found none
@nesitajai your leaving me for a week  i know i dont see u everyday but i like the fact that your in the same city as me
Why did sound input for my computer stop working  ?    it is not the mic or jack (USB webcam mic does not work either) Checked input controls.
@Hardcore4 Damn Frat - that is too bad . . .   Should be a good show (at least i am hoping so) esp. since it is in BK . . . 
too tired ,  i cant stay awake . . but i must finish work for sunday
dangit. LSU w/ a 7-spot in B7 now leads Southern 8-2.  Was intentionally not mentioning anything and it got jinxed anyhow.
@ChelseaPiersNYC tiny.cc does not seem to load for me  I was thinking on going to the batting cages but apparently you gotta book in adv
@Myke329 yooo myyyyye bust how i am sick tooo . . .  Just shoot me.  Long night tonight.
@FreyaLynn dude fail.  i know exactly where this place is too
home with chocolate and peanut butter. stupid kids on my bus ruined my yearbook
@ringqvist seriously . . . it only gets sadder
likewise @Buttahbrown you better ask about me   I do not  appreciate you neglecting the sir fresh.
I might be a snob ,  because my friend-follower ratio is 6
damm i feel like the song of dead and gone by Travis Garland
@tayourenlegend it is kind of hard to see a pic of a doggie if the pic does not exist
saying goodbye to Papa . . . 
But I have to cause I missed a lot of classes
I keep receiving beautiful pics of the beach from @Charleymagne while i am in my office working . . . getting bitter
Is Home Alone Yet Again; Mam And Dad Rather Go To The Club Than Stay In With Me Or Take Me Out; Yes I Think That Proves How Loved I Am  !
aaaaaw i want to live in the USA
or even NOOOOO NOT THE SECRET NAMEREBECCA PLEASE
Another two hoyours of work. Ugh. It goes by so slow. And i am sore
Today is 777 days until LeakyCon 2011. Awesome number but I wish it was not so far away
21 days away from being evicted
Got really sick today  text me later. Nap ti ame
Cant find my red lighter that reminds me of Amy
reyt fancies a valentinos. Worst of ti ames considering i can not have any
he was not there today   my free day from when the bell rang and wen it rang at the end was okayy . . but after
my head is hyourting
I have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. What the heck am I allergic to  ?   It itches SO bad! Dang it!
why does @mitchelmusso never reply to mee  he must really hate me :l
Just getting back into the swing . . . Still sore from my syourgery  and tired . . . Coffee ti ame!
Lula is not feeling well.  http/tinyyourl.com/m8kcsq
@lil_ki ammeh Me too ,  I miss it.  I ,  however ,  will #humpthestump for the rest of my life.
@iGoByDoc Noes! No kills spiders. They are mostly good. They eat bad bugs. They make WEBS like we do. So you are smushing one of your own
Neil just picked me up for the show. My tailights out  cause of heartless hit and run.
This is a big weekend . . .  final project is due Sunday Night . . .  I will be at this computer all day and night . . . 
My tooth is bloody killing ,  not syoure I can wait until next week to get it fixed
lots of Reqs today . . .  no fun
@_iDANCE19 well yes lol  . .   i had a chat with them earlier  ,  there just not willing to learn anything else
wanted to go to the club . . . dancing . . but now im tired anyways i have to go to work tomorrow!
Madly in love with The Row . . wishing i had money
i feel like crap
The pool is just not fun without Ti am in it . . . 
@cassiefasho i wish you still loved me
I am very sad because I have gone on the show McFly fan I am of them!
ohh my tooth is hyourts ohh  i am sad it very hyourts
Alex i am gona miss you today. i am so sad ,  noooooooo
@shanedawson Sadly I live in Scotland though Shane  /3
I wish I was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore ! ! ! 
@Di amepieceMag Ahhh. U know your sh * t . . . Love it ! ! !  lol How is the next issue coming along  ?   Been out the loop  sowwy
@ego_assassin  We are soooo sorry   We love kitties and know how much they become a part of you.
trying to straighten my hair ,  but it is too effing hot in here. also ,  i need food
you know what it is to see people you love most in his country and could not get closer  ?  
dont wanna work tonight
Barg - We posted the GMOD to you for your birthday ! ! !  But you didn ' t see it.
We are all a little upset cause Stephanie didn ' t bring brownies today.
Having asthma issues today.   BAH!
it is friday  every1 has plans but me . . my mom is laser tagging w/ friends(haha)My brother is out . . my sister and dad r working me-bf=alone
@JJaneBB I didn ' t include that in my getaway music.  I fail.
@heidepaneer   We could probably get some $$ for it on craig is list.  List it , i will cry later.
@wojo4hitz @marchingstars @winkiedinkie @erockett89 Now I feel left out . . .   All alone in AZ . . . lol
@victoriax64 i am sorry
producing the 6 with @PieterBickford then anchoring . . .  and a sad goodbye to Miss Lynne Ashminov  we will miss you!
Sulking at home while it rained was poor strategy.  Now i am watching the sun shine from a desk in the Robarts reference room.
Is leaving Utah today  Super Sad Face
R.i.p. to my lil sis is cousins babyfather Ji ammy aka GemStar
@shabooty are being douchie  ?   lol . . . thats hilarious man. i have a headache from the meeting.
This week has been so lonely without gossip girl xoxo
@bloodyironist that sucks.  But woot for Misha.
@lizzerdrix I hate cottage cheese.  I even got some fancy stuff last weekend with lemon and berries . . . I could only eat half of it.
I have to work tonight  But I get my paycheck!
@UncleRUSH so unfair i wanted to watch it but up came a message saying this video is not cyourrently available in your country
in science class right now . . .  yourgh . . .  stupid project . .  do not  wanna go to track after school! too tired!  lol
@tommcfly i hate feeling like this
@Aonir awww do not  be sad  we  will download a copy for you!
@photogjack Yeah ,  the prices on the used market for Hasselblad are not even close to the way they used to hold their value. it is a shame
@megs775 i am sorry Megan ! ! !     i am syoure he will find something quick.
My daddy left to go back home to Texas  i will c hi am hopefully n the next two months
Gained 3lbs wish I could afford something other than top ramen . . .  If only I had a job . . . 
gotta buy the second season of  ghost whisperer now ,  but noo moneyy
@TehBlue I don;t know how they interact. i am getting better with the pain ,  though. I want to give my poor liver a break.
Getting one of the lil GEM is ears REpierced after work today- definitely dreading it
Maybe I was wrong ,  this week could have stayed good ,  but it didn ' t
http/twitpic.com/67f8q - This is making me sad
i am bummed that the @retrorewind contest is only for the 48 states   What about Hawaii  ?    ?  
@FreyaLynn lol seriously.  fail. :igh::
@TraceeEllisRoss no not at all. I MISS GIRLFRIENDS ! ! ! !  i have all the seasons.
Sucky day so far hope it gets better
@tromboneforhire No Zune HD at E3   ?     ?     ?     This means no games on the Zune HD like I dreamed.
Home from marble falls ,  back to reality
i am watching tv at home wishing i could get a chicken shish delivered but not go enough pennies
@Crizzoid I cant stand summer fever (for me) and when the weather gets really humid  lol
And why do they think how much they want it is a factor  ?   I really want to be 19 and fit again ,  but that is just not going to happen
@millionfagmarch ah ,  I misunderstood your message. but really dislike the F word in the yourl   good luck with the march
Apparently it is 21 degrees in Kilkenny now! And some comedy would be a great remedy to my boredom! Why the hell did I leave Kilkenny!  ?  
So much for having a fun day off at the Brewer game . . .  at home ,  sick
being LAME and not in deland with his favorite people
Poor little MBA is on fire again
@mrskutcher sorry Demi ,  just read post that you can attend BGT. i am syoure your support for SB has helped tho  a world without paps PLZZ
@ddlovato or with other food like i can not put penutt butter in my bread it always broke my bread  y need to tosted TOO MUCH NOW
Demi is a super girl but she do not  like the french fans
Staying after school today
wish i was camping at loch lomond right now  stupid work. what film should i watch  ?  
lol exams i didn ' t go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that is it soo disappointed in myself
 . . .  lunch is no fun when you have nothing to eat.
@dorkybarb There are cyourrently 0 penguins at the MN zoo . . .   but we can go someti ame soon.
@saytri lol exams i didn ' t go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that is it soo disappointed in myself
@gi_ri_ja  it sucks ,  does not it  ?  
Baby just left  gonna get ready (again) and i am leavin '   Chilis = Full -_-
Sadly ,  the ti ame has come to put my mom in a home
@KellyOlexa my monday starts on friday  but @ least I only work 4 days a week (long days)
@NightRPStar I do not  think so. We just hired someone for that.
@MelanieRicheson - I used to have NKOTB sleeping bag too!!  I do not  know where it is now
no class the next two days . . . but work  everyday from today til next wednesday  so sad
@lovekelsey she is not coming to detroit  only grand rapids in october . . . 
@socha4e Me too! I know  I miss all the excitement lol
http/bit.ly/GQdbD  one of the saddest songs i have  ever heard
wish it was not raining
http/twitpic.com/67fue - My formerly pretty car
@ it hyourts me that my sister has so much potential and she isnt using any of it  what a waste of God-given talent.
back to Salvador. Wish I was in Sao Paulo to see the second concert
Draining my iPhone battery in half a day without making a single call sucks ! ! !  it is only 9 months old! Huge FAIL on Apple is part
@Lakers Stu Lantz is awesome! I miss Chick Hearn tho
@Samm_ awww ,  that sucks
@mitchelmusso i am sad i cant go. it makes me sad
So sad they discontinued my sesame tofu salad at trader joes
Gonna miss you Nanna  Bampa ,  She going to the lake disdrict ):  oh my god  !! got disney channel. Miss you baby matt  Love you x Will do mitchel
too cold to take the boat out tonight   might go out anyway ,  but danvan is not in operation either. BUMMER
@Aonir i am trying to convince @janeylicious to wait a bit to see Up! as well. She does not want to see it with me
@TheRankinFiles to be fair ,  she was asking about mktg cd is ,  etc ,  but I suggested more and she never even emailed back.
@davidismyangel is enough ti ame!! (if i get into VIP!) but i know that does not make up for it  at least they  will have each other!
You can not even gift money away these days.  re: http/ff.i am/3lqUx
@AnhHoang   ?    ?   Sorry you posted the vid again ,  but it will not load for me . . . 
@Agarcia1097 y r u so defensive on the bus  ?    ?   ! ! !   ?    ?   Being mean to me ,  you make me sad ! ! ! 
I want to go swi amming
@the_law_rence  @Si amplySarah19 WHY  ?  ! my head feels like the syourface of the sun  underneath a beaver pelt.
Mi corazonsito tiene frio . . .  this weather sucks!
bad mood and i dont feel good. too bad no one cares
@jeremydyourden I really miss you right now
@brianna_love aw i am not goanna get to see you tonight   cos i have to leave tot is early to go to missy is bday party. pullin a double haha
@tinyti am2701 can not go out this weekend ,  12 hoyours of exams next week prevent it  Got my uni summerball next Sat though ,  should be good!
Sticks and stones may break my bones . . . but words will hyourt forever.
@chickwoman97  i am riding the highs and lows of moods now . . .  chores blow
AC in oyour building died.  Been like that for the past 3 days
@leathermartini Awwwh.    Sorry!  We  will be glad when you are closer to us ,  though!
Awww that lil girl on bgt : ' ( when they said she didnt have ti ame : ' ( that was soo sad  and them huggin her
Trying to decide on a movie with the friends . .  not going to well! lol :p  No bible study 2nite ,  which means no b-day cake  buy my own  ?    ?  
saddest celeb story of the week  http/bit.ly/h09Ph
Holidays are now over - not fair!!
Stupid Twitter - now i am faceless  . . . 
@johnhensel hate u . . .   I have 2 wait one week to see it cuz here (Puerto Rico) is still coming soon . . . 
@mitchelmusso i wish i could but it would cost too much to call you all the way from the UK
@mitchelmusso is the album getting a uk release  ?   if not ill have to order it and pay a huge amount to get it shipped to the uk
@mitchelmusso i can not i can not i can not  i am sad . . .  i am from venezuela!
everyones just set to Away on msn . .  nobody to talk to 
@HeroBeth That was my entire week!! I didn ' t get to design once while at my GRAPHIC DESIGN job ,  only at home doing freelance. Sad.
@Clumsyflic the kid that got a second chance shudnt have. mowgli didnt. gutted
really really misses her
oh yes ,  the Cavs win game5 ,  now onto game6. it is still danger ,  they HAVE to win this one either ,  it is no shot for the championship
Damn ,  I never knew I could miss my phone so much for 4 hoyours till they told me I will not have it back till then
playing with Zeke ,  he is leaving today
@KellyCombs  i am bummed to miss you.   Hope you enjoy your writing conf. tho!
I am sucking with the abbreviation today. Sorry  My sentences look like my eight year old is typing them. lol
@aaronob I had it! On my itunes ,  but then I lost all my songs.
it is official ,  i am having the worst day. I called it a mile away
i am sickk   . . .  tomorrow will be a disaster if i do not  get better.
i am depressed on this pretty day  Everyone either is doing something or can not . . . bleh -.-
@pawstoupdate that breaks my heart
@mitchelmusso it is so sad ,  i would love to talk to you but i live in the uk  can not wait for the new album ,  please say hi to mex
@DirtLawyer Re: SWA  Pets - Good news for owners ,  bad news for people w/ allergies who needed to fly for less $$. Sad for many I know.
@ultramegaman i have  never done a Friday digest . . .  today is an anomaly ,  usually my schedule on Fridays does not leave ti ame for it.
I already miss my Mohawk.
Arrived safely in San Fran. Disgraced to report that I tossed my cookies. Seems I no longer have the constitution for flying.
@gillianre  i am not happy i am emailin a complaint! haha il hav 2listen again on sunday
@LexieLovesgreys well sadly I live in the most boring city in the USA ,  so there is nothing to do here.
Cant believe Venus lost. A real shame. Smh. I think i am getting sick  Had such a crap week ,  doesnt look like the wknd is gona be better!
my baby man is 4 years old a week today  he is growing up too fast . . . .
@Suziebee123 yes dear . . .    . . .  i am opff bbl8r
came online for a big cause. ruined
@arnteriksen i am having exactly the same day you are ,  man. Just byouried over here  #FollowFriday
@kaelahbee Aw ,  Kaelah I feel so bad for you. This sounds serious  ?   Please get better soon. I admire you for still working hard and stuff.
is feeling Fab today and missing my boo
@RosalieJHale i am fine ,  i have  just been trying to figyoure out the meaning behind this song ,  and I cant think of anything.  yourlm.in/cnmt
fed up of pain now
Broke the laptop again . . . 
just wants to hear his voice
my dog poppy is poorly  i hate seeing my pets ill ,  so sad!
Hernia is hyourting way more than usual tonight ,  no way i am able to go out!
@eabearce oh @ work  ?   poor boy
Got a bad headache
Why do my friends feel as though they do not  need to bring gifts to my house warming . . . A mess
@nova_caine I saw it ,  it made me sad
Dammit ,  forgot to go canvas shopping today
another long day . . glad it is the weekend . . but still on call
i do not  even want to go to the store to get ice cream.  i wasted a cute outfit on . . .  sitting on my ass on twitter!!
stomach cramps; sat in bed with a hot water bottle having some hot milk  toast ,  i feel like a wi girl again : ' ) minus the stomach cramps
oh my god  what is up with parents today !  i have  been fighting with mine
@sheila_libere  . . . Moving all done ,  no internet until Monday   at an cafe ,  like the new place ,  and work is fine. everything else ,  so so.
@MISSCOKASPLASH yay but you missed napti ame
@oyfreakinvey u witch! i am upstate in a fucking hick dry county. so no alcohol or ethnic food.  i am crying.
@nicole531 http/twitpic.com/5rylt - your so lucky! there ,  the stage it is so close of theem! here not  i think we are dangerous (  ?  
I am sitting at work watching the clock.  It is not moving fast enough.
sorry to tweet about BGT but poor wonderful crazy weird Greg  so not fair. the silly little girl is never going to cope. yourgh. NOT FAIR.
this day has beasted me.
-----bored to death
Oh no! I just read they are going to do a remake of Girls Just Wanna Have Fun   Stop it hollywood-just stop!
@layourenbernal MAKE ME ONE! i am still craving shri amp
Craving munchkins so bad.
@briarlaboheme oh dear.  that is terrible. however ,  moleskine notebooks rule. a lot.
Ti ame i get into The Game they cancel it there will not be a 4th season  i like that show!
my girl friend also dropped me
Watching QI on Dave - still quite bored! Not even Adam Davis can cheer me up.  And he is quite funny.
My hips are too wide to rock those mario Kart shorts  why couldn i have the bone structyoure of a 12 year old boy  ?  
@blkademic i am sorry to hear that! someti ames family sucks
Sick at home and so bored  I want to get better already so I can enjoy being a college grad!
weekend ,  bought Lost Odyssey ,  YAY  ------- however ,  my 360 RROD ' ed on me  it is the second ti ame
no southland this wk
http/twitpic.com/67hvr - This pictyoure is from last year freshman year how I miss thos days
is not having a good day . . .  I havent had a good week forreal!!
I had 2 hoes  . .  now I have none
@Fall_in_love aww me too ! ! !   we miss you.
we are getting another puppy   . . .  not cool . . .  really
woo hoo it is friday!!  . . . wait . . .  i have to work at the cleaners tomorrow.
@gergtreble I trailed the streets of Sheffield and could not find the pub!  And all the numbers I had were landlines. How goes it  ?  
I need to relocate to the west coast . .  This weather here is killin me ! ! ! 
@mileycyrus why you never answer me . . . 
me and chloe are drinking away oyour sorrows ,  Dreambears SO should ' ve got through
@epiphanygirl man i missed it!! Ive been waitn all day 4 u 2 giv the tix away  then whn i am rappn up @ wrk u gav my tix away! i am sad!
is loving the half day! If only it was not raining.  Soccer Practice tonightt.
Having a light depression. Just payed an extra bill from last years taxes . . .  Must find a country with a tax that is lower than 56 %
My fingers hyourt
I miss my daddy so much.
just cried all the way through the final episode of ER . . .  and the  ' previously on ER '  documentary about it!
i am going bed i dnt feel well as always
@julezykins must be kidding. No boys (definately)(I hope anyway o_O) and no girls (probably) honest I must be proper ugly no-one likes me
really is missing her daughters in Haiti!  Wishing i could go back.
@batman_sounds bicycle  ?   Sucks i cant ride with you
Just got to work. Only today and three days left.  my heart is breaking.
Fuck ,  we have some kind of bugs in oyour house. And we dont know why or what it is
@CaptainFlashman  Oh no - Poor you!!
@active_girl - Bummer . . . mail came but package didn ' t
@lilyroseallen yes . . .  . . . there are many cool things americans cannot watch
I is so lonely
http/twitpic.com/67iab - Rounding bases - she was fast dyouring relays. Not so fast dyouring the game
Guess I have to go back and scrape out the oven now. Blerg
why on twitter does no one talk 2 me i know your all celebs and i am nt but it is nice to be spoken to once in a while
What happened to the warm  ?    I will commence pouting until it retyourns READYSETGO
fridayyyyy!! . . .  but i am working
@whitney_g my day just hasnt been the same without your running conversation all day
@LeesaB nooooooooooooooo! well the 4G will prob be out in June but that does not help u now
I am very bummed that there are no babydoll or spaghetti-strap tank Three Wolf Moon t-shirts. Love the meme; hate wearing a fabric box.
@it islisali Too bad I can not come!  Enjoy yourself tho.
i am boredddd. The day has gone quick  I do not  like it!
Darn ,  I had one and it slipped right through my fingers
Finally the school day ended ,  Friday Friday Friday w00t! But it is raining outside.
I need to play inFamous . . .  Where is a free Blockbuster rental coupon when you need one  ?   I miss that Coke Reward
justwatched the most depressing episode of Jon  Kate EVER ! ! ! i actually almost cried.
Wish I had a laptop charger so I could tweet faster
is veryyy upset she cant go to hacienda tonight because the stupid nuggets game
When you FEEL you can not LIVE without something is when IT is taken away.   Oh ,  to do it all over again with what I know now.    Movin ON
Comin back from the mall didnt get anything cause i have no money and stuff  but tuesday is pay day ilu ~Joshy~
i am the only arabic girl who is online  every one is  a sleep  . . 
my new pictyoure will not upload ! ! ! 
photography class over summer cancelled. going somewhere i dont want to and missing the spring game  and no email from eric swist
Off home ill from work. This man flu is hell
wanted greg pritchard to go through     what a silly ,  sobby and hopelessly dull little girl hollie steel is  ?  
@EshSoMajor how dare u  ?   after all the love making we ' ve made over email ,  i am a stranger  ?   u never replied
lost my keys at the mall . . .  took me 45 mins to find them
@yelyahwilliams Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo! You can not do that
Whuuyourrrrr - glands really swollen now. Guess the weekend is a blow out.
nothing good on TV
@RedStarFutyoure awww NO. you are not ugly.
@allysonrobinson  . . . as well as bell hooks Teaching to Transgress.  Someti ames I miss teaching  messing with bad system.
@moonfrye Working extra hoyours . . . 
Great first i ampressions about the little netbook- they only downside is there is no access hatch to upgrade the RAM
Just saw up with my favorites and syourprisingly it was way too sad
@don_iain well my team could not
i have no followers
it is an undeniable truth.  I suck at talking to people.  No good at making a connection.  i come off as either strange or distant
it is Hollie spelt with an  ' ie '  not a y!! She made me cry on BGT tonight  G
iigghhtt ,  just fyour geet it. idc. idk. eh blah ugh. blah idk . . .  hah . . =] um yah . .  i ammboredddd ,  ugh  ill just fuckitt
How did I give birth to a SCREAMER  ?    ?   I hate screaming children!! I guess I hate screaming children besides my own ,  now.
Yea!  Headed home to change and head over to Pelham.  Sad thought . . .  suposed to be heading over there for the NKOTB concert . . . 
I love summer ,  but I oddly do not  want this school year to end.
@yourboogiegirl DUDE. same.  it hyourts
@falselove OH THAT is GOOD! My top 4 are: The Haunted House/Sound one; Bakery; Inside Ralphie is body;   . . . . I FORGET!!
@Gracious_Greta That is so not good.  your box is worth way more than that!
Doh. In a rush to get to the Puma Open and I just got pulled over. So sad.
@i ampala_Guy In the past it was ok but since ive got my own appartment ,  my own car . . .  . . . it is very difficult to save the money
@yagulmez yea i just got outta one too . . . i want hi am back tho  but i feel the same way . . . i am cool on dudes for a lil while
Today is a sad day for Tucson: http/tr.i am/mQ39 I shall miss the soyour cream apple pie ,  fondue ,  and separate seating for groups with dogs
@JoeyArceo yeah ,  but no new material.
@ACMcWhale really good ,  but it is definitely not a 12 is. So many people getting byourned alive
@Ani amalBehavior_ sorry  i dead ass was gonna do that
Been a beautiful day today i love the sunshine ,  missing my man though he is away all weekend 
plans got ruined no blackstone  going to carnival tomorrow if the weather is good
@xoxoJennxoxox I feel lost . . .   I keep running (in my head) from staring faces . .  haha. basically:Headache  eyes hyourt
facebook is being a bitch
Sad because i cant go over my friends house
Yep ,  lost my bet to chris
Messed on these   But i am makin '  it right! @taraellis19 ,  @dontennant ,  @elikamahony Best Holy Day wishes to you all!
why do i even bother anymore  ?   Everyone is makin me feel like i am a waste of space
I feel like last night was a dream . . .  Well I guess I should say nightmare.
it is not gonna happen again
attempting to count the days till i retyourn to canada . . . theres alot of them
i am braid free  i miss thee  . . .  BLOND HERE I COME!!
i am so sad ,  really really sad
i really cant take this.
@jonathanrknight  still no direct message for me. what the hell am I complaining about  ?  i will c ya in 27. if u do not  answeri will ask in 5 * .
EMO moment!!  Just said good bye to my best friends EVER! But we  will meet again for syoure!
oh my god gg. i just heard someone is gonna die on the new season of the secret life of the american teenager  noooo.
@theycallmeTAP http/bit.ly/3oRh6  i miss music like this
my little sister told me i have a double chin  aww
syourgery effin hyourts
@Jesusfreak1900 probably.  sucks for you.
I hate when a program freezes dyouring installation.
miss hi am way to much . . .  just cnt stop thinking of hi am   nite nite folkkz . . . 
i am a little sad that school ended today i am moving so i am going to miss all my new friends from this year.    just got a hair cut
At drs again
rec game . . . trying not to cry . . . the pain is to much . . i need hi am . . . can not lose hi am /3 . . . my heart is breakingg
@Amanduuhhh oh my god  same here! They hyourt so much
@hardrockchick super but I caught a cold on the plane.  not as far forward in line as I would like ,  but the extra sleep was dearly needed.
i am so hungry
@arikhanson Shoot! I voted and somehow looked over yours  . . .  boo hiss. Forgive me   Have a great weekend Arik.
@hummingbird604 @brendonjwilson @gregeh But @LeftCoastMama is right: This is like the Cape Breton coal mines but ++. No lessons learned.
Back to the freaking homework.
@mikki_kayla02 MEEEEEE TOOOOOOOO ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  i am gonna be SO disappointed if it is just season 7.
My brain hyourts
@joenkobema73 what is wrong  ?   How come u in pain  ?  
missed Britains got talent    gutted.
maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho
it is sunny but i am bored  sad call or text me
I could live off of mediterranean food for the rest of my life. I miss home
@lilxcutiesworld He played the song but didn ' t send it out as a request
i am kinda sad of being alone all the ti ame i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
@_CorruptedAngel my god ,  really! Really  ?   50  ?   Christ
@emo_zaboo it is ok ,  it just hyourts abit i thought i was doing a good job . . .  if i was rude to people i could understand . . .   x
@crust123 there is just no air
@eddyizm Do you not like tyourtles  ?  
@PembsDave lmao i am gutted cos it didnt come out right
Last 3 days of school . . . i am sad but happy but anxious . . . .
stupid Folkestone cinema is only showing Star Trek 3 ti ames ,  damn them
@mrinklin i have started saving my Tumblr drafts because that happened to me this week and i was so sad
@marijo008 no he sabido nada de ti ,  this is making me a bit sad I must say!
i am sick , youre sick. i amy
She is beautiful @webduck. But do not  feel badly. Some neaby grans see grandkids about the same amt.   can not go to them = out of luck
@TheeRealFDHC Welcome to Glasgow Felix ,  sorry I cant be there tonight
@lilyroseallen britains got talent is rather disappointing this year
My sister is having a stupid party  I wanna hang out with my friends ,  but hilly will not txt me back . . . 
I want some pineapple! I miss my baby
My sunbyourn itches  ouch
@karamat If only we could ever actually be allowed to stay here and do that
Oh no it is storming . . .  gotta get off the computer.
@nickwall0 i am not bannished . . .  but I am at work till 6
@annejsi ammons Just the mother of all bad days
i think they are working why eyes are drooping  it is so weird being under drugs i dont like it  . . .  cant wait for tomorrow though
Seriously Bored Now ! ! ! 
@AKDB Tell me about it
@Sandy_B_ Shes bad they will not sort her out and is in a lot of pain
Oh yeah ,  this is why I do not  like waking up early.  Around mid-day I get all tired.
@julierubes I will not be at the game.  Found out too late.
@SUPERRZAAAP i forgot the yardsale event! ooh how pity i am
@themakelounge -- No fair ,  I want a sticker but I just moved away from London
i have  got nothing witty to tweet
Have to work today.  http/plyourk.com/p/x2rt8
Greg Pritchard was ROBBED of a place in the final of BGT . . .  Cry baby bitch-face got through instead
oh my god ! ! !  i cried so much ! ! !  watch this guys from BGT  http/bit.ly/5t5Xz
got to clean the bathroom today.
@BTV_SUPRNATyourAL  ok thanx very much u can send me the answer by private mail if u like but would be sooo cool wish i was in birmingham
@wendica I checked.  We didn ' t win
@honorsociety luvvv it- but one aquestion-why is not there any full moon crazy toyour date for toronto! 
i just watched Marley  Me . . . i cried so hard!
just missed to answer his i am AGAIN! For the nth ti ame! This is making me sad.  Whenever he i am (which is all the ti ame) ,  I am always out.
@RobbieBarnes No Sky. Terrestrial analogue only
i am craving something salty in my mouth!  Tired of pretzels tho.
aww ,  anyone see hollie steel on BGT tonight  ?   wharra shame
http/twitpic.com/67k9w - - My besties. If only @DemtriaLovato was there.
Is there a way I can sleep for the next 8 or 9 days  ?   That way when I wake up ,  she  will have retyourned  I wouldn ' t have missed her SO MUCH!
@MalcolmMillion nah i understand you cant cancel i just wanted you to come
@honorsociety i like it and all butttt your not going to have it at the august 7th concert which hyourts my feelers
I am so sick and tired of this on and off rain
@nataliejanette i am so jealous that i am not going to blogher
@LisaTayl My stay was great! BUT my mother gave me the cold/flu before I left and I still have a cough . . . 
it is 10.30pm on a Friday night and i am going to bed. How pathetic.
@leirastorm  That is sucky. We  will miss you being on.
jazzy we should be in vegas w A team
@jerrib247 sorry mom! I didn ' t mean to. I shouldn ' t have tweeted that ,  you are already having a hard day  Love you!
Ohh boy my babys tooth came out !
@ludwikc broken  I can not c it
Loving the new skype! Especially for someone like me who lives half a world away from home!
on my way to work. i am SO HUNGRY!
@DubarryMcfly really has anyone got through to the finals yet  ?   yeah was it i was stuck in class for most of it  loveyoufletch
now it is raining in PHL and more delays in the flight schedule - bummed that I will be missing Jay Leno is last tonight is show today . . . 
Working 930a-730p today. 1.5 hoyour lunch . . 8.5 hoyours work. Overti ame = good. The fact that i am already dead tired = very bad.
mummy i need you
went to see the dentist. can not eat and i am starving. really sucks.  and ist is painful.
have to change practice pools ,  someone threw up in oyour normal pool
did crossfit running today . . . agitated my right leg
@MFarrugia I never was good at platform games . . . 
@ninjabetic Oh no!!    Hope they get you in soon and can make you feel all better.  Hugs from the other coast!!
just went to the dentist my mouth hyourts and I can not eat until 8
ahh sore throat and tired. want to go back to bed. but have work
@lexiloohoo i am sorry  today is been nothing but a fucking heartbreak
Well it is official I have strep
no one calls me anymore
is on her way to Seattle! Yay for Seattle ,  boo for Matt leaving.
@Itxi_Itx no credit is for me unfortunately!
Best friend is leaving to go back to school today . . I am so sad
Sunbyourn hyourts . . . 
I dont like this random gloomy weather
wishes people wouldn ' t be so stubborn someti ames.
Whoa ,  I didn ' t mean to sleep for more than an hoyour
@misscherrypie  I wish you could get back in yours!! i am thinking only 16 hoyours a week out of the bubble would be okay  ?  !
is feeling rather lonely and broke . . . oh wait . . . I am lonely and broke.
@Flossalini no panasonic charger.sorry
He didnt leave a voicemail . .   
@DenyButterflies oh my god . I am so sorry. Sorry ,  I never know what to say
Just drove by fisher and I feel so sad
@siirensiiren meagan rochelle the one u need i would say cater 2 u by he didnt produce that.
It is so miserably hot ,  the a/c in my house is broken
got beat by super LARRYonation
@irishjonasfan lol now your making me feel bad for not coming on  lol
@sheistheemily pq vc no pediu amor
Hello and thank you for all of the #followfridays people. I always forget ,  sorry
I just spent 45 minutes at the book store. I only bought one book.
missing @justbrad on his birthday
@beckyhope ahh yeah i get what you mean i have an Alevel retake exam the day after the gig  so yah i am pretty stressed ! ! ! 
to be really really . . .  not bored but bad ,  i will not know the news  but thats ok. BRB x
@Si amplyKia o iight we gonna miss you tonight
Need to sleep but can not
@ki amitwi btw i have your report too  oh my god  at lunch today we had to move from the HC to the trees cause of the heat / all my days suck
i have officially hit the wall ,  totally nonfunctionalproductive at work
@mumalot I corrected myself
@JasonCalacanis damn I missed the live show ,  guess I will have to wait till it is available through iTunes
that little boy that drowned yesterday lived in oyour subdivision and went to nicoles school. so so sad.
@Goatzilla  i am not that good yet ,  my parents still buy me clothes and stuff when i need them _ but i dont get pocket money anymore
Just heard a single i had been waiting MONTHS to hear . . . and . . . i am disappointed.
@lightsresolve i am so mad I cant go to that . . . you are like an hoyour away from me.
probably going to miss Silverstone is race again this season in iRacing  ,  so sad   this track is pyoure laser scanned awesomeness
@flashyfem Sorry to hear that.  If I didn ' t already so much planned this weekend ,  I would have considered going too.
@melroze90210 I KNO ! ! !  i am so sad! evry1 is leavin it is horrible! i am supposed to b happy for summer but i cant i ama miss evry1!
@drmenlo sorry about Mr Grey ,  Menlo
@SophieChadwick no i didnt! i couldnt get to liverpool today ,  of all days!  did you  ?  
wanted to sleep but a friend from Denmark just poked me on i am
@atraiocatharsis dont ignore me
Rainy day in Philly  looks like it is gonna be a movie night.
@MaxLucado WGN in Chicago used to be the calm airing of ideas ,  but in the last 30 days they changed the programing to sound-bite shouting
@mspixieriot that sucks . . . wish we could get it there cheaper . . .    if you are in montreal ,  there is a cool shop that carries them up there!
@SelectedTweets Sorry Ali
Has so much to blog ,  but has no ti ame to
Shipwrecked all weekend  license was not suspended ,  it got cancelled. can not take the risk driving and no one lives near me
this is gonna sound really sad  depressing but I really really miss my uncle Sam
Not going to graduation ,  hubby-to-be not feeling well  so instead ,  doing more job hunting online!
sad   Miss my friends !
@_madison that is what you get for abandoning us!i will miss you.
keep @lulion07 and his family in your prayers. his lil bro jus passed away
@jonashelford Kewl ,  I only got my iPhone and gotta hope it lasts all weekend  Only got a shuffle ,  might bring that anyways . . .  See ya 8am!
Feeling deflated. Hubby saw swing set  thinks is a piece of junk. I thought I had found something good 4 the kids
@amandapoop no  I didn ' t yet he never texted backk.
Okay ,  whats up with twitter  ,   ,    my laptop is completely broke ,  and now my computer is acting up   so I dont reckon I will be on for t  . . . 
Feels all kinds of not so well right now
thank/ u guys so so much for helping me out on the followers thing! but i am probably not gonna win cause i dont have 100 followers yet!
@jenhp But that is such a bummer you could not get your book signed. Sigh  . . . 
@theAV8TR dont quit.
bout to take a shower . . .  a cold shower
@RavenLaR S ' ok ,  trying to plot alternatives as we speak  *  sigh * 
Somebody get me out of work tomorrow.
i just realized today was my last day to see my best friend tanner i am goin to miss hi am so much
i am on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
I wanna go shopping!! I do not  get paid till next week!!
following @twittbitch  ' cause @gerhemi ordered it
Har vondt i ryggen My back hyourts
prom is today . . .  i bought a ticket but i am not going  cause i dont have a dress ,  my hairs not done ,  ect. sucks cause it is gonna be awesome . . 
@Santiaggo that New Yorker cover was done on a iPhone  i am jealous that I do not have one!  http/myloc.me/21a4
Charter is pissing me off ,  the rest of the internet can access my blog except me   should have it fixed soon they say ,  we will see . . . 
@naataalieee yeah ,  that was my point . please dont make me feel worse than i do
Lovin  the clean shaven Mr Flowers!  He looks so young ! ! !   Reminds me that i am getting old
i cant find my keys
It was not a good day  . . 
with harry . .  baked. love you cassie . .  BUT YOU are NOT ONLINE!  ?  
So my lucky jade nacklace/matching earrings ain ' t so lucky. Lost an earring. Now the chain broke on pendant
@SookieBonTemps ooc: thanks! Ugh . . . what a bad ,  bad day i have  had. Damn @Twitter.
Just banged my bloody foot! ow
oh my god  i tink he is not cuming bckkk
@heritagesoftail Hahaha I miss Bradddd and all of the guys and KEITH.
@mareyachristina nope  i am bored and hungry.
@smiley_steph boo  I miss you! it is been ages. Once I get Internet backi will try to fix ALO haha it likes to act up from ti ame to ti ame . . . 
had a really weird night last night and misses her friends
Has a headache
OMFG my favoyourite jerk chicken place closed
I wish the sun would come out . . . I guess it does not matter since i am at work and can not enjoy it anyways
@SoccerGameBall i use to breathe soccer ,  live soccer.until i hyourt my knee badly  sad day that was.pass my link around  ?  
i am on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
can not believe i am leaving this place tomorrow.
@Bill_Pritchard how come i dont see more of u  ?   how come i dont see u at all is a better question lol. that needs to change mister! i am sad
I am so sad . . . 
do not  think i am gonna be able to go to see the JB 3D Concert . . . wrong ti ame ,  no where very close by
@Petronella I really want a Shish kebab . . .  Going to have to settle for toast
@ChrisBrownWeb According to Bow Wow (his best-friend) Chris is not on Twitter ,  and does not want to be : / Because of haters probably
Sadly I know a lot of women who like this song    ?   http/blip.fm/~7a73f
Duncan finally got his orders . . .  leaves for Iraq in September. Open invite to stay with me anyti ame dyouring the year he  will be gone
@gabbyflyyy i am so jealous! I want to go to ny
feeling lonely
@layourenyant which means i spend more ti ame alone than with friends and family. how sad
The Matrix Online shuts down next month . . . wow . . . I feel kinda sad about it
Already misses the Dunhams.
@ladyloki idiot family and how I have been feeling just do not  mix amongst other stuff
@bfly13
@One_Bloody_Poet  Bad friends! Sorry to hear that.
is missing her best friend  commme back kayla ,  going out in a little while
Praying for pressyoure on brain 2 subside ,  for brain seizyoures 2 stop  for tumors 2 go - Dan is comfortable but still has niggling cough
i feel like watching a disney movie . . . too bad we dont have a vcr anymore
Ps BGT was both fab and sad ,  I thought Greg was awesome ,  sad he is gone but a child will always win in that situation sadly
@llcooljew Poor dear. your fellow busty mavens have been there.  What gym do you belong to  ?   PEAC  ?  
@BuddyTV I just found out about the giveaway . .  I wish I would have known sooner  What happens with the unclai amed cities  ?  
@LoriBartolozzi Oh  i am sorry  I can not even i amagine . . . although I know it will be reality for me soon
@LadyDutchess awww  i mish u too ladie whats been good  ?  
all alone.  still watching TWW ,  eating Italian chocolate and solving logic puzzles.
Mid shifts are so awful. i am just counting down ti ame
@amillerwvu- you are going to be mad. i got sent to the office by your sub. and oyour class was really bad after that ,  i hear. i am sorry.
paper work on a friday afternoo
can not go to the movies today
@Maxicati amus Miles from you   i am in Essex so give me plenty of warning so I can arrive in ti ame to get at least one of those free beers.
Bit down in the dumps today    Such an awful day !  Maybe good ti ame to write a song   (Y)
No  ' rosie day '  today  goal is to leav my house b4 my mom gets here hmmm maybe  ' rosie day '  rescheduled for . . . wed . . .  . . 
I just got smashed in the face by a 5th grader thowing a football . . .  Twice. Now I bleed
Lulu is put on scottish accent on britains got more talent makes me sad to be scottish  just coz falconers there dont play up your accent!
@sara_luna everything  ,  I dont know how explain  si amply it is patetic
Is bummed out . . . i do not  have even one testi amonial on Flickr.
Oh god ,  I feel like shit.
Everythings Sooo Messed Up ! ! !  ! ! ! ! Life Sucks ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! !
can not chat with @mitchelmusso since i have to go to school now  http/tinyyourl.com/mf88dz
@EnvyAmor i am sad that I missed you guys last night!
just drove by NBC is Byourbank lot and the line for Leno is wrapped around the building.  Longest i have  ever seen. Leno is last show
8 of my 11 followers are random spammers
Theyre sappin mah sentry! errr yea . . .  i am without power at home right now
hollie steel on bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch . . . poor girl.
Sad that I will not see Deb for two days.
@scomizzle your moving to leeds  ?    ?   wut are u doing up there  ?   work  ?   your just a jetsetter . . i wanna move to England too
I want to go home!!
@Zo_E Aw. well i am sorry you do not  like July for those reasons
is sad that greg pritchard didnt make it through to the final of britains got talent coz he soooo deserved it
So I thought the Cavs would crush the Magic and I come home from up north to realize how wrong I was.
Lost his favorite thing he loves to always have on hi am ,  his story of the year Key Chain . . 
Sad news ,  after a week in the hospital ,  My uncle past away today. R.I.P. Uncle Tony
@daltnnn woof ,  I wish I was allowed to go
Well school is finally over and idk but i am sad i will miss my teachers. Goodbye Mrs R. and Mr. Collister
I wish I could go to the Love Music Hate Racism gig this weekend   i am not in the right part of the world even
ready for the weekend and sad that I have to be at the office again tomorrow morning
@PeachyPictyoures oh dear ,  I take back my request . . .  I get so drunk on fizz!! And I def do regret it the next day ,  syoure fired hangover
so now i dont get my car back til monday. boooo
has hyourt feet
has cramps
@CarsXCollide: no ,  I fell and effed my arm up today and now I have to do back drive.
Fml! Ughhhhhhhhh ,  i am not going anwhere today just sit in the bedroom I share with my mother and cry!
REALLY want to go to Maker Faire tomorrow but I am SO SICK.  #makerfaire
Wish you were here ,  babe
BGT made me cry tonight
Failed that shit LOL
He can not fix it.   I guessi will write until I get too bored then watch tv. Man ,  this is lame.
@nkirchmar I have 30 minutes to go! Then a 3 day weekend leading up to my birthday on Tuesday. I have to work on my birthday.
@karleemay @Kelly208 I am horror movie obsessed. Esp campy 80s films and Troma. Wish I didn ' t work tomorrow
@cassieebee Why I aint on your #FF list  ?   i am hyourt
@kmaco214 He is probably in bed . . . depends on what aide he has today.
i miss everyone . . .  i need faces   ,  not witty situational updates ,  but these will do . . . 
Left Cali this morning . . . in Dallas now . . missing my car SO MUCH ! ! ! 
i am sad . . . i  will miss you grandma angie . .  you were always like a 3rd grandma to me . . 
@KOifusionpdx Another day and I could not find you.    I ended up trying another cart ,  can not remember their name.   isigh ' 
@gotenkslovesme haha yeh lol maybe.  i missed the last roadshow cause of rain
hello . . aint been tweetin all day cuz i had 2 switch things over 2 da new place. (exhausted and sick)
ahhhh now i have no pic
ouch . . .  head hyourts
God! They look stumpy . . .  i am not sharing my toes tonight
@AZamann hah eeee ,  although understandable . .  i need a new pictyoure for this thing . .  but i am all sweaty
Aaarrrgh! I sooo want to see @johnlegend at MSG in August but dammit the decent seats are expensive. Booooooo recession!
@diana_music i am always blunt with my feelings ,  never seems to do any good
Strained a muscle in my lower back today.  *  # it hyourts! What hyourts most is  . .  no running this weekend.
Sad duck day.
@jpadamson do not  wait on Red ,  could be ages. I know what you mean ,  though. Really looking for a new job
@Japumpy I need botox work on the lips if i am going to change my name to Angelina Jolie ,  but it is a thought! Sad though about the racism
nooooo it is raining . . .  . . had 2 leave the beach
my day has been so crappy that i just want to cry.
wish I can go to the Roots pinic
@dorkita buu i didn ' t get it right  plop! i was so close . . .  yourBAN
@ABOResearch Pleased to hear it ,  but still I am shamed someti ames to hear what some men do
@vagabonddandy very bad.
@pibby  darn! now we have to go through the WHOLE weekend without em ' 
oh my god . Today felt like the last day of school! it is horrible!
@RyanDownie no problem dude - get better soon ,  I have a cold as well  bleh!
I want a hair cut but my mom wont cut it
@thecraftykitten like cheesecake brownies ! ! !  i miss my cheesecake brownies . . .  and the walmart closest to l.a. (to me) does not have em
what the hell is follow friday  ?    ?   do not  get it
Ugh. My feet feel like they are  going to fall off.
@kelleyviolet That sucks!    it is thundering here.  i am getting ready to shut down.
i am so tired of my responsabilities i wish i was a kid it seems that everyone around me is all about money and not me anymore
@AncillaTilia Me tooo!! Wish I could get you here
I need a friend right now   ,  I feel like mmmm  . . .  sosad
On the set of Chuck Bass '  New York Palace Hotel. Too bad they weren not filming today.   http/twitpic.com/67nht
@Marianuum Ntah ,  I really wanna be there
@AnnaInTheHouse Dude I feel really bad but it does not work. I do not  have a serial for it so it can not be used
@elephantparty Ha! Thanks Bryan! And do not  remind me about the state budget issues.  Actually ,  Steve only has 6 staffers in 3 offices.
Awww kanye west ,  it is such a shame he doesnt get the joke
@RareCandy I wanna go but my car not here . . . 
i am sunbyournt on my arms ,  and i have byournt my mouth ,  and some skin is coming off
@ROAR_Fear_Me samee . .  it sucks . . 
Not feeling very good at all ,  why does this have to happen today of all days  ?   Not going to friends tonight
@thewbdotcom Sadly ,  I can not view that site due to region restrictions
@WOAHAmber But I hate being me
I miss you
@susiegroove yes i did - as a thank you. have contacted them 2ce but no response
so sad that no friends everyday for a long ass ti ame
I miss my friends so much
Pleeaaasee come out sun
@mathewhulbert There is very few film/TV jobs ,  especially in WMids. And I can not afford to move away yet!  Sorry ,  I missed you on 107.3!
damn sunbyourn hyourting  jack whitehall mmmmm
My car is broken.
@H2_TheMovie That is what I get for writing up my Halloween interview w/ Danielle Harris. Darn ,  I was too late for the contest!
Crisis: forgot my fringe comb  i am with men . . . no one will help me
@danger_skies You got me singing Falling in Love now. Only ,  i am changing the week day to Satyourday. does not quite fit.
I can not fucking concentrate with this damn heat!  Cooler is so not doing it is job.
@aquafreak123   me too.  it depresses me thinking about it.
@smiley92 u have a lot  but the bad thing is we r gonna have finals all next week
Almost made it to reading comedy outlet. Headlining all weekend. Only took me 2 extra hoyours with traffic. Basically doubled my ti ame.
@TonyaRae @RachieRach3 Getting dizzy. Going to have to lower my original raise. Please do not  think any less of me.
@valerierenee  are you having a bad day  ?  
my head is hyourting . . 
yesterday i missed the live chat  internet was the problem 
Wishing I was going to UP tonight ,  but it will have to wait until tomorrow.
I always feel sickly when I wake up.  Well got a busy day ahead of me! Yippeee
Not looking forward to next week: Maths ,  Geography ,  English and French exams ,  totalling 7 hoyours
Damn. it is raining again
i hate when i paint my nails because then i cant suck my thumb because it tastes bad
@anothrstupidkid your lucky ,  you have a bed and ice cream ,  all i have is a very sore couch and some cardboard
karma is a bitch ! i just got hung up on  lol i am still a big dawg though
10) i am allergic to hot wax
Awake and wishing I was not. Feel like my head may explode. Going to try to go back to sleep.
Awe. were going to meijer. not walmart. walmarts better.
i am too tired
@miss_r I can not get one either because of the dog. i am pretty syoure the bunny wouldn ' t syourvive a struggle with Tom
I wanna watch UP so badly!
Finally got my money. Too bad it goes to bills
@empirebetty Well I can tell you I didn ' t marry my like. Maybe that is why i am stuck in situations like I am now
@tom_pollard Never. i am banned by Coyourt Order
@cosmicgirlie Car not happy ,  big big dent in boot! Hoping theyre not going to write it off ,  crossing fingers and waiting
Jus chillin and doin my hrs. Friday afternoons tend to end up busy
@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today
@SeattleWillow Well I am at work.   But Leah might be doing something with Embry.
All the food in my house has sugar ants in it
so bored without a camera
http/twitpic.com/67ofz - ugh grosss
@AngieBeyince damn no dublin
Now every Satyourday till 8/4 for work.  sucks. And no Friday or Monday off for July 4th either.
In 14 hoyours i am taking 2 aerobics classes with only about 30 min break in between
thinks it is the perfect weather to go camping and cuddle up with dave under the stars and sleep
No clubbing for me this weekend due to a busted knee  emoLife is unfair/emo
@andyschwartz nah ,  i didn ' t actually sleep  the data recovery place called and woke me up
my arms hyourt!
@Vukizzle sadly my corporate giant employer will not let me get to that site . . . 
is about to go to gymnastics! my last day with this class!
--has no internet for the weekend
saw a dead bird on my way to work!what a kind of day to start  ?  ! Poor little bird!
Not so good at remembering to do this twitter thing ,  sorry everybody! I leave for Tibet today . . . with a head cold
@melissaar I know you didn ' t agree with. It just angered me. Sorry for going postal.
@BoomKatt  i want more but it is just so bittersweet lol
@lrntoswi am thank for #followfriday  . . .  i am afraid i have  been remiss with my blips lately.
Just an observation: Aside from the riverwalk ,  there are pretty much no cute girls in downtown sa
i lost one of my best friends im sooo sad
Sorry ,  it is hard finding i ameem free stuff  rb@Deesound: like that David Starfire but will like it more with a . . .    ?   http/blip.fm/~7a9fu
Poor Greg  stupid UK ,  always doing the sympathy vote. xo
@justkaty guess I missed out on more than beer and a good ti ame
Tired. Going to take a nap. My finger hyourts.  143
My grandparents cat may die . . .  I love that cat. I swear if he goes . . .  / / /
My ex makes me cry. I wish I was stronger
@feliciaodg  it does but the screen is dark - so when i click it ,  i hang up on whoever i am talking to
@thebigmac cool. my boobs itch. got sunbyourned at the volcano
@Rubios_BeachMex can not DM you since you do not  follow me.
@TheMikeKelly Sorry Mike ,  was assuming it was music that was missing . . I do not  know then . .  a mystery . . 
I miss talkin tyourkey.  I REALLY MISS TALKIN TyourKEY.
Seems really quiet tonight . . . am jealous of those who are clearly having a more exciting life than me   Off to bed I think . . . 
@joshjnap i am honestly incredibly upset we could not make it. Devestated even. We would have lost a whole travel day and it just sucks
OFF TOPIC: missed both motorcades. The secret service tricked us all.  #bush #clinton
Is going to sleep now
@the_sandman_ @grave_wounds @hyoursty02 @samvoaden I miss you guys SO much 
@rawr_333 Yeah.    I could not call my Dad ,  Mom ,  or brother either.  Mom = On the phone.  Dad = Phone card expired.  Brother = At work.
@bogwhoppit Aw  yes we had it out for weeks got asked to retyourn it in end! I wish they had just bought it for me! never mind   ?    ?  
What i am gonna do  life is not good: ' ( no more Exit in this hallway i am stuck in my world . . . 
One of the most random phone calls ever. My god kill me now.
@lulion07 i am praying for you. Sorry to hear about your bro ,  man
I just banged my elbow and it is bleeding  owwiee
@mitchelmusso Not allowed to call as I live in the UK ,  my parents say it will cost to much  Sucks !!
i wish i was in Jonathon Ross '  audience right now
just watched BGT on catch up ,  aw i felt so sorry for holly
@niqa86 I miss you too ,  Mojokins! I go there ,  but not long enough to comment  Will do more this weekend!
Shit night. want john  where is he  ?  
And Jenny is so gorgeous -- '  PFFFF i love her style ,  i want her outfit is
so tired.   only need to be here another 30 minutes.
@jdrydenUK Yeah ,  it is not available on Public market yet. but will be soon. looking forward. i am sunbyournt  arms are itching. boo hoo ! ! !  ! ! ! 
hanging out with Rex ,  missing Alabama and my Nanna already . . . 
@Mitchelmusso: Am sad i got no money on my phone. Ahh well  lly Mitchel
watching la rosa de guadalupe damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins
Everyone is working tonight! i am bored
@RetroRewind awwww i cried . . . makes me cry  i love joey!
@mitchelmusso it wont work in the uk
just watched terminator 2 and i cried ,  it is the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!  i am lame!
HA! I would give Kristen plenty of free hugs!  *  sigh *  if only I could
@deanm1987 Hey twit! Just watched poor Holly on Britains Got Talent  poor thing!! People are so mean - she only a 10 year old little girl!
listening to music . . . feeling kind of down
i really really hate biology  ,  u______________________u
@lonejohnny awwww i will be waiting then ,  hope it does not rain
Damm it! I didn ' t get a pic of niamh with her 3D glasses on
@Wossy @juleskaos good show  . . .  And the killers rock  . . .  But they cut em short
Missing how it used to be
Watching the Killers on JR. They are awesome. Too late though. They just cut the programme mid song. Twas my favoyourite too.
So lathargic . . .  Definitely need today to rest. Sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to
is so tired ive walked 6.05 kilometres today
@deviantlysweet so neat hearing U on kiddshow today wish I was there
@mitchelmusso i wish i could call but i live in the uk and i do not  have the cash to call
oh my god  guys my internet has been down the whole day  it is still not working i will try fix 2m
@PHXPhoto No kidding there! Ugh  . . .  One thing I know for syoure - it will not be me showing the property this weekend
Sadness  The top horde guild that I liked disbanded.
Man my daddy left to work again  I never see hi am a lot I miss my daddy : '  (
@hey_thomas if only the drinking game was tonight . . . I do not  have to work till 5 tomorrow
is watching Sicko and is utterly digusted with this country . . . 
@Lisa_Nova we had it but we lost it  very sad 4 us cause we loved it
@Jayisfly Jess is invited just not me  I feel really unloved by u AND Aj right now hahaha!
waubonsie lost  they are  out. i am soo pissed
i think i just good stood up . . . 
Shopping at sam is club in baton rouge. Mom brought step-dad to charity hospital so i cant go home yet  i had plans . . . 
hey guys! nm just here half bored
@bobbiepen LMAO ! ! !  Man I was so bummed when she stopped braiding
angry ,  sad ,  happy ,  excited ,  i hate how my moods change  right now i am i ammensely sad =\
@DWsRoseC i didn ' t have many in there ,  just 8 ,  and the 1 that got deleted was just sent 2 days ago  and  i cried is on the rr . . .  and i am
Im JBobsessed  xD I miss them soooooo much!  They should have a live web cast on bookface   ?    EVERY thyoursday xD
Trying to install a vodafone internet key an an eeepc. I remember once it worked out of the box. But today it does not want to work
it is so hard to keep up with everything! There is the whole coldplaying ,  twitter ,  facebook and not to talk about real life . . .  i ampossible.
@SodaKan sorry to hear about the wait list
Back from Miami. I miss South Beach
@mitchelmusso would love to talk to you but i live in England so unfair
battery is low boooooooo in Palm Springs ,  CA http/loopt.us/2SljBw.t
It is hot here in Texas and oyour ac upstairs is broken so it is really hot at my house.
@thyoursdayband  We can not even call you from belgium  sucks
i miss my husband
life is so boring without you
@x_crazyangel Gah   But Gregg should have got the hot and talented vote ,  dammit!
@bowwow614 I would but i am afraid I got two left feet
@honeyfaery @that_kat i have  begged my mum to lt me get them out the attic . .  but she wont let me  Waaa . . .  and yes ,  was spoilt! hehe!
Ughh from the filling in my tooth my ear is starting to ache ! What a life
@nicholasxjonas  you disappointed me
Ahhhhhh - software downloaded but can not get install file to work
@james__buckley Good for you mate ,  sadly I couldnt get pissed tonight fucking driving bad ti ames
Having one of my bad days . . . Migraine today. My 1st since my neck syourgery about 2 1/2 months
Is really sad that shes missing critical mass
@sky14kemea There gone.  Now i am going home.  Make me sad to leave the mall.
Smackdown is a lot more boring without Maria.
@DJGigiDred not fare lady ,  no body naps while I am at work
I sooooo miss Chinese takeout!
@kanoaofgomega oyour love goes out to you Kanoa  sorry for your loss dear
I hear tonight is the last jleno show
@hanaabanana i know ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  yopu only just got round to watching it  ?    i cried ! ! ! !!
@darkmornan that was so disappointing
recovering from a hard day of homeschooling my dd ,  chemistry did NOT go well . . . 
wow ,  there is still the void of whre thomas left  The heartache is never going to go away
Darn i dont have guitar tomorrow
ticked off cause i can not go see drag me to hell with melissa and amber. staying home on a friday night is NOT my thing.
@PrettyGrl_Annie I can not  i am goin outta twn 2night. Sorrrryyy
@wossy what a smashing show tonight! Love the Killers! Wish I had been there ,  gutted . . .  Such a shame they got cut off mid-song at the end
I miss hi am  ARGH
@jpsherman That is true. Unfortunately ,  the leads in the movies do not  die on such a high note. it is more the Friday The 13th model
I  do not want to work tomorrow!
Moving: nothing accessible. Camera broken ,  kitchen stuff in boxes ,  no internet.  Makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!
Early(ish) night tonight - i am doing overti ame at work tomorrow again  boo for working on a Satyourday!
Work is a no go
Really missing hockey already.  Off for a night in Dtn Naperville.  can not wait for the day off tomorrow ,   I have to work Sunday.
@aholston Homework bound for the whole weekend ,  not so fun
Roxie is not feeling very well  http/apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6878284
@Wossy The Killers where the best. A bit disappointed that the last song was cut short  Can you watch it in full on Iplayer   ?  
Stuck on the 710  . . .  Going to my 2nd job  . . .    . . .  Why can not I find a good office job   ?     ?     ?   
@mitchelmusso I can not call Mitch!  i am from sweden!
@vautlapeine  . . .  you mean the fam  ,  minus ahugs
@mpvt another david hughes on your list  ?   i am hyourt  @davidahughes ftw!
asda ready meal - i do not  thinki will ever be the same again
@littleisis What ti ame are you coming up here  ?   I do not  want to spend the day with mom
Harley passed away in December 2008  http/apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/616974
What did I learn today  ?   Never post anything you ' ve sold on ebay using royal mail. They lose it ,  I refund: compo is nowhere near - my bad
@RubyRedsocks yup then we are a day older
@Gailporter p.s am gutted- went to order dead famous on dvd today from amazon ,  couldnt find my wallet ,  went back and last one sold out
My cable signal is all messed up ! ! !  i am missing Ghostwhisperer  In other news I have hyourt my toe and have a cold ,  in like hot weather ! ! ! !
is bored at work
Soooooooooo glad to learn that Farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in So. Cal -- too bad it is in the Mission Viejo mall
@mitchelmusso i cant get through
new guitar hero metallica guitar is already broken  #fail
still no pool key. wth. it is even hot out today.
At the library  being friggin bored.
Everything is cool now. I wish the boy was able to talk.
So I really need to put the laptop down  start getting ready for @melancholyjeans shindig . . . But i have  missed my TwitterLoves all day
I feel like drinking wine ,  but I do not  have any.
@phillyreds sad ,  but true
@PatriciaErin  *  hugs *  Oh gosh ,  i am sorry
Has a head cold
oh also . . .  here is a clip of the new moon trailer ,  that i can not watch cuz i am at work.   http/bit.ly/wXa9l
@juicystar007  man i wont be home to co host with you!  xo * blair
@Rachelamac aww you poor thing  hope all goes well!
A message from @Songoftheoss Could you let people know I have been booted off
You such a good friend 3 I miss you so much
@JBOO46 when he is there. he was not there today. sadness!
@misssammibaby why are you sad  ?  
FML . .  today sucks . .  i just hope the dance will bring my soul up . .  i pray ,  but i am still sad . . i hateee todayyyyyy ! ! !  ;(
I want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me
@leischen1shows always come up when we have the money least ,  it is the rotten law of averages
@mitchelmusso i want to but i can not call you cause i live in argentina  I really really love you mitchel! You are AWESOME ,  you Rock!  ?  
@MinaScope there is always traffic heading back here to long island on fridays.
Love the movie Grease! can not believe that Jeff Conaway is the same guy who played Kenickie . . . so sad to see hi am on Celebrity Rehab
Drove a #Mazda #RX8 today and boy ,  that car is fun! Sadly though ,  I do not  find my car that much fun any more
Waiting for Danny to text me back  ,   ,   ,   xoxo
@Nkcaump Excellent pic! Wish I were there ,  but it is a long drive from TN.
Mowing #6. I hate my lawn
Just saw a trailer for Batman Arkham Asylum and you can play as the Joker. But that is only PS3 exclusive. Damn  That hyourt.
@liddesigns oh no ,  sorry to hear abt Firefox crashing on you.
booo that meanie @victoria is teasing me with a piece of cheese!   http/twitpic.com/67rt8
@it is_Aitana K    ?     ?     ?    What   ?     ?     ?    No way ! ! ! ! No
@melly16 hmm a certain one who ive gave up on liking as he mucks my head about :^) i give up with them someti ames tbh
i am just dreamin out loud ,  i cant have you for mine and i know it
i am very sad  Show do McFly nesse exato momento ,  e eu aqui . . . 
@monkeymad2 nooooooo!! not the receipt!!  do not  break my heart
@MrGranger trouble is i do not  think any of this is helping my wrists.
@daniellefecci You guys could have fun in a cardboard box . .  I miss you already ,  bro.
Two months ago ,  I became irrelevant.
Feeling better today ,  but still sick.
aw  I really miss Alice  Charlotte tonight  Dunno why though ,  hey are both spoons 
nooooooo  sue is retiring  no no no no!
Low profile tires suck! They will not have my size in until monday
I had a hard ti ame loving people as Christ did ,  today people picking stuff up at my work were just dumb ,  and annoying
@jaidenkhat sadface
TwitterBerry hates me
@RealAudreyKitch i would seriously kill for a bath the now.  but we only have a shower cubicle. I miss bubble baths!
Having some Coronas ,  and have a bad craving for Mexican pastries ,  but i would have to go to Uptown to get some
Aw  . .  the grillz in my background look like plaque  . . 
@Rorzshach I wish  i am not very good at it tbh 
@summersunrays that is sad
Hey dude who tyourned down a flyer ,  you are a poser and not nice
@kirkfranklin @therealmarymary yall my auntie jus got n a bad car accident . . . pls pray with me 4 God is will 2 b done . . . 
i am so hungry
5 Mins ,  till the end of follow me Friday
http/twitpic.com/67s14 - Saw a family of five get out of this motor home and into laundromat to clean clothes and bedding
so i got to my exam centre n they said we can not let u becuz of your sleeveless top! U cud BELIEVE that!  ?   i had to go home
@LostMyHeart  hoping it  will go away . . .  I mean I get all teary at the drop of a hat anyway ,  but it is been truly awful lately - full out sad
and now i smell pancakes . . . or maybe toast . . .  or something delicious. but no one is at my place cooking
Aw ,  not going to Toronto anymore.
@CHRISDJMOYLES the justice left when DJ Talent was voted off (N)
sweaty and tired from the 6 lap run.  gonna do sun run next year no matter what.
Up was pretty good. It was kind of depressing though
@gengenw who knows  It makes me sad  lol
@asdquefty Yes they are ,  and now they are  all gone.  Did you enjoy yours  ?  
Thankful for last minute doc appointments . . .  Baby girl has a temp of 105.+  sitting at the doc is waitin ' 
usually when i am gone celebs come on it is so unfair
Well ,  I effed the iphone.  It was nice knowing you
I can not i am on my iPhone
The weather is so ugly n L.A . . .  it is really cold
catching the last bit of Later with jools  . .  last in series  . .  sob ,  cry
Just FYI ,  RUIN HOLLYWOOD IS CLOSED.  Last Friday was oyour Closing Night.
just sad that i wont be able to post my new fic this morning . . . 
headache boo
wishing ,  i was at the michou show right now . .  god. life isnt fair
@onlyJesus777 i was in a hospital for a week and a half pretty much on the virge of dying.
@kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way.
I just broke a bottle ,  I should probably focus on work instead of thinking of more songgoeswrongs
@morrgaan oh no  this week is just a bad one for everyone. i love you  your pretty face  youre going to do fantastic in concert tonight
Waaaaaaaa they kicked us out of the bank. Getting it until monday  oh my god  Chilito
@narrated it is kool . . . it is his job i blame
Uh. Finally home ,  but completely wiped.
I want to cry at the thought of the NBA season being almost over  NEXT YEAR MIAMI ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@mitchelmusso you didnt answer
Hubby went to pick up  my Fringe comics today @ store by his work. THAT store was out of business too. No comix in Houston. Have 2 Web.
aaawww i am soooOOooo tired today . .  i dont feel good . .  i dont wanna go to work wah . .   but yeah i am goin to work in a few mins. til closing . . 
I miss her alot and it is only been one day
so i am kinda pissed that Boys Like Girls is gonna be at Kentucky Kingdom on a date i already have a show
workin . .  still lol i wanted to go to the spring game
i am really sleepy and i want to go to bed . . . but it is upstairs and it is a mess and i know i am gonna have to clean it  nooooo
@Galaraza stop being mean to me!! your hyourting my feelings
Rain delay
@flutters_bye no you didn ' t send pics. I was supposed to go with but shit got all fucked up.
My Spanish = crap
@buzzup why would you want a clone  ?   Unboxed a new 24 i amac last night and it is beautiful! Too bad it is not mine
i am heading home. gotta work sunday.
had 2 leave the mrs @sweetbullshit cuz i have to go 2 work  really didn ' t want to.
@billohbill SS  i r @ the devon horse show. gettin '  mostly rained out. lots of events have ben cancelled incl the coaches
@RetroRewind a buff guy . . . .unfortunatly alot of people dont know Danny is name either which is sad   Sophie is so sweet
i am mad cuz i cant get any pictyoure to work.
@iHolleeee i miss you too; i need to talk to you ,  i keep screwing up  . .   lovee u !
in desperate need of some tweets to cheer me up
@kvbuckley I do not  know enough about #Sotomayor ,  but she made a big boo-boo talking about making law.  does not know what 3 branches do  ?  
We lost a peacock chick this morning
No free ice cream though
aw how to lose a guy in ten days  3
@Flash_Forward Poor dead Josh.  http/bit.ly/JKpHn Please leave your messages of condolences there. #boy #rip ||| That is sad.
Today is just not my day. I can not seem to feel any better. If i dont eat ,  i am hungry. If i do eat ,  i feel like i am gonna be sick. Blah
Sad that when fitness center reopens will not have oyour Zumba class anymore.  Just found out today on oyour last class before closyoure.
Truck full of silver bars i amploded on it iself.  Delayed us an hoyour and we didn ' t  even get a bar for oyour troubles.  No photo
dont get to see my boys tomorroww.i am sad
Had some pliers blow up in my face today. My mistake ,  killed the wrong breaker. Wires connected on the pliers ,  boom. Big chunk gone.
Everyti ame still holds horrible ,  horrible memories for me though.
@SCHATJE TY. Just a long tiring day filled with expensive plumbers and work  needed CALGON. Hope you  @madberry have an AWESOME weekend!
@Bellabellini - Yeah I know they are fuck annoying with that . . .  But it , s such good promo . . .  I lost some contacts for business in there
@KeLauLi i am so sad right now.
Looking at my daughters baby pictyoures makes my heart hyourt
The icecream truck never comes to my house
@Jtay1995 it is finally summer! Unforunately I can not come see you . . . it  will be a while before I see all of y ' all again.  Tell emm I said hi!
Just got home from the hospital . . .  i have another clot in my leg
@megaman51 Yeah ,  it is work. it is been busy all day and i am tired and hungry.
@nathanblevins  Maybe next ti ame. can not be away this weekend as much as I would like to jump in the car and go. ::pout::
@dougiemcfly Have a great show Doug ,  have fun. i am sorry that I wont be there to watch you
Listening to: Sweet Talk 101 - Cute Is What We Ai am For /// Considering taking up the GameBoy Color again. I miss chiptune.
JoBo is tired of getting off work at 7
bed rest for all weekend and next week  neomonia suck
i am sad Twit is!  i am going to miss @epiphanygirl musiq soulchild and anthony hamilton! Ugggghhhh I LOVE them!
sigh . .  stayed up late cause was on a role w/ assessment ,  now i am so tired my eyes r stinging  my head hyourts . .   I still need 500 words
Soooo bummed i am missing the blockparty again! have notbeen able to get the app to listen on my iPhone!!
@SpringWestEnd i cant believe you are closing 2moro and ive never had a chance to see the show  Good luck to everyone - you are all stars!
First sports banquet without katie
Well I guess i am not heading out to LA this weekend ,  Doubti will get to go to the PS Blog Meet and Greet
sitting at home being bored . . .  . . . 
Apparently i am not meant to take dance lessons here
i am headed home . .  Sea world closed early
@jcubed1 Dang! Of coyourse ,  i am just jealous  ' cuz I didn ' t think of it first
@dannygokey i am so upset u were at US weekly my uncle works there but he apparently didnt know how big of a fan i am!
@peapodann the second i hit reply to that tweet i was asked to stop playing music.  i am now sad. someone sing to me. on or off key works!
My net died so yeah . . .   i am sad now
@Axelsrose  i am trying to fix myself really but i need to stop cutting myself
@ebonyeeee - No I didnt get your text . . . .
@Rosellyanna she forgot her words and then started crying  and she stopped singing but then carried on and then cried again so she stopped
@coupleocachers Trying to watch your vids ,  but the audio has been disabled
is disappointed to learn Newark ,  OH cancelled their july 4 fireworks due to the economy
hey guys y did the sun make my day gloomy  ?  
@jaidenkhat Damnit. Sorry to hear dude
Is definitely working sunday afternoon to late evening
really want to see UP ,  but no one wants to go with me
We are going to panahra for dinner.  miss you guys.
@mitchelmusso http/twitpic.com/67swx - i tried but i didnt get through
I realllly miss my parents backyard and hammock. reallly bad.
@SASSS09 hahaha . .  sadly this one is supposed to be done individually . .  so no chance of social loafing lol
I do feel bad for the nice people there though ,  just not whover it was that said we were out of line
@drewryanscott LIKE U SAID GIVE TC A CHANCE! WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http/bit.ly/r6RfC
@CyourvaceousDee aw ,  gutted
Take me away
i love me some americana- but no movies to see
@Dap23 ohh ,  i am watching my best friend is wedding. it is so sad . . 
@jennabeaniscool will not need my hugs anymore
@mitchelmusso I REALLY WANT TO TALK WITH YOU MITCH! but I live in Indonesia ,  I cant call you  at least ,  give me a shoutout please  ?    ?  
i miss my baby  hateeeeee it
Why did everyone seem to leave me this weekend   . . . sigh. In bed
@DaysofBigWheels I wish I could see that first hand
I am SO MAD that Glee will not premiere till Fall
@charlieks @tonita_face @emmaleeks and nana.wish i was there last night
@jeannethinks I would love to see the sun again.  It has been raining here for 3 days now.
@paaaulaaac me too  even my life is pretty good but i always say it is shitty
@xzenax Bad ti ames for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair!
my attempt to sync facebook and twitter seems to have failed
it is patio weather in Kirkland!  it is also launch-yer-boat weather ,  except i am missing the boat part
Dann and I are in Vegas. We misconnected and oyour next flight is at 4:45 to Midway. Tonight I will be in a hotel w/o undies
today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick!  . . .  stupid dead rats
going to the memorial for the guy in my grade that died.
@mitchelmusso http/twitpic.com/67swx - i wish i was calling you but i can not from Malta
@KeeganFrank: I just do not  want to be here.
on my way to shreveport to forget all the bad things he is brought into my life
Crossing the bridge . . . leaving ocean city  i am sad.
@annamessias i miss yoooooooooooooooooooou my poia
very much disappointed with the angels and demons movie  shame ,  it was a great book
@Rorzshach Oh no  -hugs-
@JennaSnacks it is best if i check it while it IS up. when it is down ,  i can not really see anything
RIP Big cup . . .  I will miss you
can not set p my phone to twitter
he is outta the ofc til Monday ::GRAND:: kinda bummed me out but b/c I was genuinely sick there is nuthin I can do about it  --
thinking about life and my dreams. why does it seem so appealing to give up  ?    i am so jealous of every band/artist who is living theirs out
Spendin ti ame with ant before he is gone for the night
@keithjoforever why are you so angry keith . . .   whats up . . . 
Sickkkk   . . . and I need 11/20--NOW.
@LilEmoBoi warm and wet  spent the day carpet cleaning the yacht
They are out of ice cream at the Crazy Mocha in SS. This means no Espresso Milkshake . . 
@dezyourita nooo it was a real mushroom! but oyour neighbor uprooted it
Tired . . . .but can not go to bed yet . . . .
notthebest weekend . . . but oh well . . . I have a right to be sad
Puzzled by people is mood swings . . .  it makes me somewhat sad that I can not pinpoint  how  they feel
made a little cover for my iphone.  the birds are not upside down on the back  http/twitpic.com/67tp9  http . . .  http/bit.ly/FjeAm
Watched Ten Pounds last night ,  brilliant movie , I couldnt stop weeping ! ! ! 
@cecamy it is nto as good
everything is going wrong in my  happy day
going to bed  cant take thiss any longeerr maan. [U]
@rmetalbroad belay the swi amsuit ,  hot tub will not be ready this weekend.  sadness
Bah! Still at work. Lol my feet hyourt and my nose will not stop running!
@divarina21 i dont evn talk 2 hi am no more. it was a huge mistake. i shoulda listened 2 her. i kno she is disappointed in me.
has finished exams . . .  has (almost) moved out of halls and is leaving london tomorrow
That is okay . . .  I didn ' t want to watch shelby anyway!
Twitter is being lame and will not post my twitpic of Gucci and I
@bigkelleh but i know i can not
@BIGBOYRAMSACK kenny u alive ! ! !  . . . i am here getting da hair done . . to bad i am not chillin w/ u todat  kinda sad
@Lilayy same here. like i know there is people who have worse lives than me but i wish i could go back and change some aspects of my life
Trully a awful day! Shitty!
Getting ready 2 leave 2 a girl scout metting . . do not  feel like it but I have 2 . . . .
I am so hungry . . . if my arm were on the core diet I would eat it!  Guess I have to wait until dinner is ready
i miss @baltigirl97!! she is gone for the WHOOLLLLEEEE weekend ! ! !  boo hoo
Sick of fighting so it looks like no more byourlesque for me
@greenlabel aww that is awful. Makes me so sad
Is feeling a bit lonely
@infobunny Ouch. Realising how sheltered my upbringing was.
@Eric_John Sounds like a terrific service. i am sorry to hear about her mom.
Honestly at home alone
@TheEllenShow Ellen . . why you got to lie  ?     i am so sad rite now.
Stars and Sons was hard to review. Didn ' t grab me instantly this morning so will have to delay the review to a 2nd listening tomorrow
@TaLisaDuhhh i miss bein 18
@MrMarcusX was jst out there wednesday
Off to the gym by myself!  no fun!
seagull hates me and i am utterly depressed about it. i miss hi am.
Idk i cant do shit
@LadyLogan I wish I could . . . but i am @ work when she is on . . . 
Got the CofO to late didn ' t close today   Will close Monday . . . back out to meet a buyer tonight to show a few homes to
So bored . . .  could not go to a-kon . . . 
chris sab and i = COMME ESTAS BITCHES
Hummmmm . . . . ohh  i miss you so much ! ! !  really ,  but i hope you have a nice friends ,  like us 
rode the moped to the mall. fun stuff ,  it is flippin gorgeous out. i am sad that @maeannette is sick
no Santa cruz for me  but I do have an interview at jamba tomorrow morning 
Summer/ Yet I have to read 6 books . . .  6 LONG books
Argh noo! Missed The Killers on Wossy!  That sucks! Missed out on Brandon. Total failyoure! Anyone know if it is repeated  ?   Must investigate!
@LucySiebens I think they are disgusting
all dressed up and no where to go . . . 
homework on a friday night . . . lame
found out my friend isnt actually. but hey shit happens.
@AyeBloodyRight no i mean 2moz. i am workin '  7-1 in a bakers then 6-4 later in a pub
Was just in a wreck. Getting real sore now. It was their fault and they didn ' t have insyourance. Was planning to go to the wedding tonight
@Kat_785 yeah now i am done BUT I have to work all weekend  i am sooooo bummed about it
The sun is breaking through the clouds! . . . and now it is covered up again.
I dont want to be ugly anymore
@jaredque gets to go home. i am here until 100
last day of school and last concert of my life . .  wow . .  can you say emotional  ?   i am really gonna miss mhs . .   had graduation practice today . . 
@say_stephanie i am so pissed i couldnt make an instore at hot topic in the rockaway mall to see @nicksantino.  haha no he wont.
I will miss my City when we leave . . . priciness ,  pollution ,  panhandlers and all
So I love my mac but msn does not work on it still
I hve a blister on my pinky nd it hyourts soooo much!
I lost 15 dollars. I always lose my money
@allysonbrianna Well ,  yeah. But my mom does not wanna drive all the way to Sac if we were that far away.
@Hi amOverThere awww ,  poor leg!   *  sends virtual hug *  x
too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub  ?  
fucking hates goodbyes
Missed the play
My head hyourts
whatever. i give up ,  my phones about to die anyway.  next ti ame
@suewaters Sorry - I have failed to grasp your meaning
oy ,  i am such a nerd . . i am writin 2 no1 cuz no1 is followin me  i mean lik sum1 was but their account was deleted due to strange activities
@xchristineannx Aww i am sorry your boys are sick.  i will keep my fingers crossed for no tails. lol Stay well youself and get better boys!
Looks like it is another night at the office lol
When you see me ,  point and laugh. i am ugly.
home alone on a friday night  doesnt get sadder than that folks
needs to see a band live . .  damn Blink for not coming to the UK this year!   . . anyone wanna go see Billy Bragg or Colin Blunstone with me  ?  
@Jaz_paige aww hey! I didn ' t know this was you! LOL. i am sick. No outtie for me.
@teemwilliams MICHELLEEEEEEEEEEEEMYBELLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  *  snif snif * 
Not in front of the tv  wats the score an inning  ?    ?  
ok ,  son in bath ,  so gonna see if I can find some quick quotes.  Gonna miss ya  will this weekend. i am already gettin sad
Oh dang!  wouldrag Me To Hell '  came out today ,  didn ' t it  ?   Man ,  I wish I remembered; I would have gone and seen it.
@Trillian711 I had an account at a local comic store that I ran to 4k  at one ti ame
How amazing is hollyoaks! But my poor warren lmao!
@backseatgoodbye aww . . . thats a bummer
@Nextman305 I wish ,  but nah babe back I home in the ATL
Missing the shotgun match because I was guilted into going to the store with the wife.
@snoozen i thinki will be home more than i want to be next week - no work booked in for the forseeable.
i am soooo bored. just fuckin got a new phone and called my man but hes busy and one else bored   ?     ?     ?   
Just to drive @tweetie crazy ,  I miss the big blue selected tweet highlight. I can not tell which tweet is selected anymore
@PaperCakes  i hate when that happens. i hope you figyoure it out soon!
I fought Jered to the death to avoid a wet willy . .  but he got me anyway.  Q is coming over . .  bike ride  ?  
@katrchrdsn Without whipped topping ,  there is no shortcake.   #shortcakefail
i dont wanna miss the laker game tonight! i am so sad
@krooyakkers what I thought your going somewhere that is why I didn ' t invitw u
heading to graduation  I do NOT like this . . . oh and Nick . . .i will be looking for you . . . 
i called kris he didn ' t pick up i feel really bad ha ha
I guess the relaxing dinner and a movie is out for tonight . . . I was looking forward to that after my day at work
Ugh have to report again monday
@dinosuit  Idk. i am only a stupid 7th Grader
Bah a coworker ran into work late and her bag smacked into my knee  it really hyourts now
@GrowWear Unfortunately for us it looks like there are NO funny people on twitter  Should we move to FB or start oyour own . . . flitter
Upset  bout to talk to someone but idk who though
@tbake CRAP. I always forget you are on here
@psylentmike haha! you are so funny ,  Mikee  . .  you are probably the only Mikei will ever like   *  sad thoughts * 
Damn I wish I was at Botcon with everyone.
The internet is just being a big fail for me today-- not only is Twitter it is usual semi-flaky self ,  but Facebook and VRBO.com ,  too  Boo!
ugh . . .  my back is killing me.
@MaidMirawyn I was supposed to go tomorrow tooooo ,  but have to use gas and ticket money to pay for car inspection fee.
Is at work
Bored to tears without my boys! They are at their dad is for a week
@totalgunner Nyourofen and marijuana ,  usually. But i am lacking the latter cyourrently.
i am sick and sad  . . .  missing out on Martini Lounge tonight
Going to have yum dinner then watch  ' bad girlfriend '  play. I have a 6am call ti ame tomorrow
@RobertPound not my groom!  thinki will die an old maid! lol
@naontiotami No ,  but I missed you
can not beat all ti ame low . .   I soooooo want to go to Metro Station . .   your cheap shots wont be able to break bones
this is the worst day ever ,  i have  been told i am a chav
theres too much light pollution to see the stars
i am not friends with anyone anymore
my friends are in San Pablo right now . . .  they  will be drinking ,  laughing and swi amming . . .  and ii am here . . .   huhuhu
Aw one of oyour fishies died
i give uppp a hoyour of tryin to tlk to @mitchelmusso  i love hi am but my minutesss lol
my puppy is sick
@mitchelmusso Hey Mitchel when will you be live again  ?   I didn ' t get a chance to call you
@misterpertyourbed I ordered a replacement palm centro cuz my phone got kill ' t! I wanted a palm pre but cant afford a data plan
@selenagomez we  will miss you! i am sad I didn ' t get to meet you
my dark knight dvd is missing   i am pissed
Sorry for the delay in publishing this weeks show  Some technical difficulties dyouring encoding. Will be out asap but may be Satyourday.
i wish i was in cali wit mari nd lupita seeing vfc  not fair
I feel like my dream just got crushed
Home w/bae  Myka . .  He is so meann
had my last class with Scott and Julie today  going to miss them . . .  they bought me a bottle of champagne as a congratulatory gift.
Hmmm . . .  he is so lovely. I wish he was here now. i am tired but can not sleep
@finellskii have fun!  i am sad to not be with you guys
@JayresC: n u can not change your profile backgroud neither
absolutely gutted that i am not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun . . . ! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!
@Boy_Kill_Boy That would be really great . . . except i am not allowed to talk to boys on the phone  long story . . . my fault
ATT cheated the system and now I have no Green Day tickets  Damn you ATT!
It is Gloomy outside. It is making me sad  I miss the sun and it is happiness!!
@djCrMix it is been raining every single afternoon in S.Florida  not fair! hehe
@TheStevieOs Yes it is herrrrr.  Dude ,  i am gonna fucking cry.
@2Serenity No FAIR!
@mitchelmusso i am so sad I missed your calling ti ame ,  I got home from practice too late
OH NO TODAYS JAY LENOS LAST SHOW ! ! !  WE  will MISS U MR. LENO
@jjooss I think he is  wish we could give hi am a tear or some blood to make hi am feel better
Gonna miss Thick As Blood next Friday
@ivansharris Hey ,  where do you go last night  ?    Was expecting to see you @ On Broadway.
It SUCKS when my playmate is MIA all weekend.  Sad
@siwhitehouse Didn ' t work for me  Except when I used the word autofollow and got followed by an bot selling an autofollow program.
Kill me now i am so sick    n it is Friday night!!
@brighternoise really  ?    ?  
Nothing 2 do 2nte  Boooooooo! i am totally bored!
i am bored. I have a headache.
@amalah I am very jealous.  I was supposed to go see it in Seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work
the tip of my finger hyourts  lmao
my tummy kinda hyourts!
i feel extremely depressed right now.
My head hyourts . . .   Can wait to see the new photoshoot ! ! !  ! ! ! !
sux gabe just told me to go to the afterparty and I have ID that works but I can not go
Ugh i am tired
A si ample nice dinner does not exist in my world.
last day of school  so sad
Johnny actually invited me to the movies but i have too many things to do before the concert
@kraeth She really loves that ride ,  does not she  ?    Too bad I was not there recording it
My dreams have been crushed . . . Spock does not like the ladies.
is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy
http/twitpic.com/67wb4 - Gotta a show on Monday at 9 . . .  hopefully my head will be better by then . . . 
Okay i feel really sick now
@glennbeck Missed your show tonight   Just HAD to go up to Lake Erie and enjoy the quiet!
i have  been to Rome ,  Italy. I love it there. Elegance ,  style. Very difficult to live in Chicago. No elegance here. Sad.
ended up face to face with a bear on 181 driving home this evening.  Sadly he took off into the woods before i hauled out my cameraphone
i need to speak with @sofiedeville! but i left my phone at home
I regret not going to the Movie audition today  Seems like my neighbors are gonna get a call back .  http/myloc.me/21RK
Fuuuuuuuudgeee I byourned my finger with oil! It hyourts
This is dumb. I keep losing followers!
big sis moved out 2day  it is gna b weird without her! X
@TheSvilleNews http/twitpic.com/67kb6 - Sad day!  What a great guy and enthusiastic teacher.
another friday night with nothing to do  . . . boyfriend works until 1am
can not believe preseason does not start until August  football with drawls . . 
@rosegraymusic Tuned to listen ,  but had a 10 meeting. Now know that my high school/college French does not cut it anymore.
Home. Got some nice plugs but no chipotle
aleesha is piggy died  she can not catch a fucking break man
I had a realization today ,  and it made me sad  But at least the healing can begin.
@cohenster i know it is awful  but never fear i have  got loads of funds so we can have a drunken catch up post-exams ja  ?  
@marsacademy  *  HUGS you *   awwww . . .  . . i am sorry you are feeling sad E!
@emmaroo INNERCHILD!SARAH LIKES COOKIES AND IS SAD THAT YOU FEEL SAD AND GUILTY
@no_syourprises unfortunately yes
Sum1 plz cheer me up
@selenagomez come back to canada soon  we  will miss you!!
@writeinink syoure i can talk . . . the fabulous sex part though is out  sorry dear
@natsolovelyx3: I knowww yyour mother is being a bitch and she does not want to take me to the movies  bitch
@drbri i am not syoure as i have  never used it. Sorry
@Kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive TUES! I may die between now and them without phone  I have withdraws already
@tellie_jean Now that I think about it ,  when I get to the States ,  they  will probably still be toyouring ,  so they will not be there  Dammit!
@mattpicasso iPhone is doing that not opening downloaded apps thing and I forgot my cord at home
oh and #antiboyle didn ' t work out either  never too much of a bad thing eh uk eh
@angel0712 Oh ,  I totally want to see Star Trek!  But Kristine had already seen it with her hubby.
@CaitEggers I need one too.
Mrs.Bates left
@robo__rob IKR. but i hate the lack of troyella  ggmow always makes me so sad
how sad was Hollyoaks
Exhausted after a 58 hoyour work week
@AnalystAlterEgo i have bad news . . .  i have to go take the dog for a walk--they are  upset w/me!
Drat. All my land boots died at once. I think of boots like parsley- one going to seed ,  the other first season. What to do now  ?  
Got out of work late. Lame! Busy day.
@pcdnicole so sad u cancelled silverstone show  better see u in sandown park!
@iamsuperbianca Oh ,  and I went with my friend to MYOH last night but they ran out of tarsier pins. So sad. He was really cute.
it is too hot!! Thermometer showing 25c at the moment
@scopezum I feel the same way! 9 hoyours of sleep and still exhausted! ahh!
Last day of the TV up-fronts w/ oyour colleagues from Sydney ,  Paris ,  London . . . 
Feeling pretty tired and lonely
@Susan_Ferman that is so weak!!  facebook fail
Panda express ,  it is been so long. i have  missed you
Just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three ti ames in a row and get away with it. Now back to showing how shit my work is
: doc said my bones look fine enough. also should see a rhumatologist. i am such am old lady now
 . . .  And ,  I was the only person who stood up for them. The world is full if spineless cunts. This makes me sad
tried to swat a fly with my Buddhist magazine . . .  bad karma
i am in tantra ,  anyone from kirki will know how sad this is ,  i am drowning my sorrows 
@JVB Thanks ,  I just found a article that say i cannot join you because i am in the UK though
he was the reason i lived and now hes the reason i am begging to die
youtube not working
i feel sad for you elizabeth.
to the people i was txting . . .  sorry phone is dead and i can not resyourrect it.  hopefully verizon will replace it andi will it back by tonight
Dosen ' t Want To Go To Work Tomorrow
Wish I could be heading to LA for E3.   *  le sigh *  Maybe someday.
 . . . No more adventyoure ti ame
i miss you
Uggh everything ,  i am sending you ! ! !  I keep sending it to my Twitter. So I have to forward it to you ! ! !  I suck at life
I got into a fight with the pavement. I think it won  poor little knee
Had to stay home while my wife takes my daughter and a few friends out to Tokyo Steak House - sadly my body is not cooperating today
This Monarchy is gonna bleed ALL of us dry! We are nothing more than slaves to the pigs in D.C. I do not  reconize my country anymore!
staying at home. unpacking ! ! ! ! crap!
@summerkristine i want you to go walking with me!! but i still miss my satan
i am either always on the train or at work
I have to go to work.
head hyourt
@i ampala_Guy Would luv to hear music too but im out of batteries - the tv plays besides but i think this is some kind of vampire movie
1) Traffic is lame 2) No matter how hard I try I can not get anywhere on ti ame   3) UP Movie ! ! ! !! Yay!
it is summer and no one has texted/called me. i am a loner
Killer headache  I want my food to be here!
http/twitpic.com/67x7n - MISS THEM ALREADY
Sad I missed @tylerhwilliams going away party due to too much work ,  but I really am gonna miss that kid
slept in ,  missed bus ,  train delayed ,  does not stop at my stop ,  late for work. fucking heelllll
why must the weather b so nice and then so bad all in 1 minute
can not find my trusty hair tie  My hair will spill all over the place when I run!Mom is bands does not work for me , normal ones hyourt.(((
ugh gone through 2 new phones and now my screen is black ,  which means no texting
My mouth hyourts. Wish I could cut my head off
selling my drumset  sad day
oh my god  ,  NO ICECREAM
@Si ampleMia Yes. Need to listen to sad SP-Songs
I got up early to pay bills. I figyoured it is like a bandaid if I get it over quickly it will not be so bad . . .  I was wrong
7pm on a Fri night  i am sitting at home alone . . . 
OOUCHHHH I just pinched my own nipple by accident trying to fix my top
lost some $ at work . . . nt happy right now    --SLOANSTER--
Not feelin right. Hope the feeling passes. Stupid stomach.
Xfiles disc does not work . .  Rippin
really sick and tired but my body is resisting rest!
@BuddyTV Excited about the new Pushing Daisies episodes but it makes it that much worse.  I had finally gotten over the cancellation.
UP is the saddest movie i have  ever seen
@1045CHUMFM Oh ok , Thanks.Dont know where the coyourthouse id either , I  will learn though.Any nkotb  ?   Twitter stole my pic again  it hates me
My computer dies soon  - it is so much virus on it but my virus scanner  cant find it 
I think i am getting a cold
@angelicaaa workies with dad  ?    aw that sucks working on satyourday morning. i am about to study ,  when are your exams  ?  
@RealLifeKaz we cant come toniiiite !! arggh i want to tho  have fun for uss. well def see u 2morrow nite tho!
i am very upset right now ,  like I can not even formulate a complete thought . . . 
@Tracybelle I would hang with you ,  but . . .  Tennessee.
really ill atm
131 miles away
going to a work people party then going home to visit Grandma. Sadness
Poor @i amissBradAndJen  is mom just told her she looked like a hooker.  The skirt was not THAT short ,  and it is 87 degrees out!
Boyfriend is out with friends tonight. do not  know what to do with my evening
about to start my least favoyourite chore . . .  mopping the floor
poor bretty.  but yay phils
my back hyourts  have a heating pad on it . . .  stupid ladder y did you have to collapse and make me fall on my back/bum   ?     ?     ?   
damn . . . plans were canceled . . . .another friday night at home
just goy back from a day of tests at the hospital. going to start chemo on monday
cant believe ER is all over
wants to go see street dreams but it is not playing anywhere near here
There is a MacBook Pro sitting close by and my poor MacBook is ashamed with it is plastic face and sides . . . 
@JonathanRKnight understands you it is long the 6 hoyour
Big Sad Face   Bing does not work on iPhone.  It just takes you to the regular mobile Live search.
@natbubba yeah ,  totally unfair.  we should just. FLAME THEM EVERYWHERE
well movie night spoilt by fracked up disk-happiness gone ,  so ti ame for sleep
@TheStoryStarts nothing ai amed at you ,  just joining in . . . sorry
@theREALGiftedNJ yeah it is
Thank you Google for your Adsense Payment.  If only the Aussie dollar was not as strong
@mpellegrini hyourts to be you! Sunshine all weekend and you do not  get to play. That is sad.
Has been a long day - Matinee and evening show. Will be sad tomorrow: last ever Welsh College show
@TroublePandaPR Ok that is not true! Plus ,  you are insulting me saying that i am insulting you! i have  been trying to cheer you up. Butnada
Hitting up a bar or two most people being lame tonight
@ohhhbeka PS: Wish I were coming tonight.
my ipod died  not running until it is charged.
@superstarnikki it is just one of those days . . . 
As it tyourns out I do NOT get to go see The Decemberists . . . 
@EP31 I have that problem with adult shirts too. it is so annoying since a lot of adult player shirts do not  come in kid sizes
wants to hear his voice
Looks like my Twitter is down
@mitchelmusso i can not call you cause my portable sais that this number not excist  i want so much to talk to you
only 1 person online on MSN. I feel lonely
i going to go to bed  i failed miserably at booking a holiday  although i do seem to have a new follower. HIGH FIVE. X
@mannyishere awww hes too cute!!wish i could ' ve gone
@fizzythoughts  Boo for being at work dyouring #beatwittyparty but at least you are still here!
it is gloomy outside
(that was a  btw -_-)
@stacyday Yeah ,  Tri amet says it is a 1hr trip ,  I get home at 60/6:45-ish ,  so we would arrive just as everyone was leaving.
@retrodiva I WISH I could be in bed by nine once in a while. I never make it in before 3-4 a.m.  #sleepdeprived. Doing too much.
@gasfreecommute -i would love to be able to bike/bus/walk to work ,  but it is not safe in my area
@selenagomez AWWWW  we are gonna miss you!
I feel sorry for my bestie  good luck ali!
jungle book 2 is sooooo cute . .  i have nothing to eat or drink
Got rocks. And found my car got birdied this evening.
@Cri amsondreamer no bueno.  hollykins needs to feel better asap.  p.s. i miss you.  you done with uni soon are not you  ?    SOPROUDOFYOU.
I heard an icecream truck and took of like a shot but I could not catch it.
@FLucio i am a jerk . . .   now I can not go out    Dammit Frank ,  why do I suck so bad  ?  
Aw ,  Zach was not feeling well  Hope he gets better. So babysitting was canceled.
Had a pretty good day. Let is see how the night goes.  oh I have to work all day tomorrow no picnic for me
@AwkwardTown fuck! i am already thinking about all the shows i am going to have to miss because i am broke.
@dougreport how can I read the Floyd article says it is private
is confused  sad. oh no here comes the sweets ,  to cheer me up
tonights been boring!
Am I old  ?   Pub kickin out ti ame is whey too late ,  i am stinkered:-/. Got the cubs tomorrow too  i am gonna suffer !
i so can not be bothered working tomorrow!
i am Slowing on My Tweets . . Cuase I Lost My Phone
it is friday and I would love to party ,  but do not  have a sitter.
Waiting for the Denver game to come on . .  but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p
Cleaned foyour bathrooms this afternoon . . . (yes ,  go ahead and feel sorry for me . . . lol) . . . mine are still waiting for my attention
@ev i am trying really hard not to hate you.
Booo my best friend is leavin for the weekend. What ever will I do without her  ?    ?  
@triniaguirre i miss you   ! ! ! !   ?    ?  
confused ,  angry ,  anxious and on top of everything LONELY
@ss1271 yes ,  that is what I meant . . .  I do not  have anything to tyourn it into Hirigana ,  though.
i miss hi am  ALOT but i am not gonna talk to hi am ,  i HOPE
Why are embossers so expensive  ?   Can I do get one on the cheap  ?   Trying to save 75 %. Papersoyource order goes in TONIGHT. Sry bank account
Grandma Caminker passed away today.  She will be missed ,  but may she rest in peace.
UGH. why is it so hard to upload a pictyoure on twitter  ?  
Just saw a dooope bmw 6 series parked with the top back . . . to bad it was raining
Sh t ,  i am getting even more sad. i am cyourrently at the library and j think it  will be the last one tooooo
upset . .  friday night crying!
trying to fix my sister is ipod  then phoenix tomorrow morning at 445am! hopefullyi will actually get to play this toyournament. stupid fence.
@Mattshiloh Unfortunately your fix didn ' t work . .    Oh well ,  i am lovin '  me some PeopleBrowsr anyways!
Some things are better left unsaid . it is better if only i know
says oyour power went out . . . which RARELY ever happens . . . and i hadn ' t saved my si ams game in a while.  http/plyourk.com/p/x334f
@BunnyBridget I would LOVE to learn trapeze! i have  wanted to do that since I was a kid. Sadly ,  there is no place where I live that teaches
Livin on your own iznt nice at all. I miss my mum
Oh my ex / room mate is moving out today
@TomCopestake  i am sorry. You  will get there do not  worry ,  one day at a ti ame.  We should  ' hang '  when you are done.
I get an instant sad face when I see a little kid lose their balloon
@davidmihm Please no more tweet-memes
So tired and I have 17 hoyours to work tomorrow
chick fil a for dinner. Hopefully I feel better. My head and eyes are killing me
More depressed ty very much ! ! ! 
headaches are dumb.
@donttreeriddle Oh noes!! Melted ice cream = do not want.
missing someonee . . . 
My arms hyourt
oh my god  how sad is The Royle Family where Nana dies  I am sobbing ! ! ! ! : * ( it is the saddest thing i have  ever watched
@MyInnerCougar Sorry your day was so bad   Gettin the drink on ,  good plan!
Omnomnom    JUST came online to 69 unread emails ,  as well as my backlog from yesterday  http/tinyyourl.com/lxjdjc
[H]ouse starts on Sunday and i am sad as I can not afford Sky , 
@RVDS dammit i wanted to ask you about someone who i might be shooting but cant remember her name now
@norasake Sadly no. It didn ' t come with one . . . 
@KSegIII  my cousins moved there like 2 years ago and I miss them so much. I was just looking at their facebook and now i am sad
Going to bed watching a bit of qi. Wake up tomorrow to face the start of my last summer in bath. Bit gutted atm to be home
study study study.  What fun on a Satyourday.
Stupid shopping bags left a red mark on my arm
not a very good day at the house
really tired. and have to work the whole day tomorrow ,  the thought of it depresses me.  uncoooool . . . 
@AwkwardTown I know. I think i am going to have to miss it ,  though.  This is when sacrificing money for job happiness sucks ass.
Played a show tonight @ Chinnerys ,  southend. Snapped my guitar strap ,  ripped off the strings then threw my guitar across the stage . . . 
@StanGill Uh . . .  what does that mean  ?  
sitting around doing fuck all . . . tired
so bored . . . miss everybody already
@rodmcnasty000  I miss you
@MyroneTadrid  aw her latest  selenagomezLast day of shooting . . .  Goodbye Canada. 
It just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet
@bellagm yes that sucks. i miss you
Big Sam Houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography  http/yfrog.com/0xhu5j
PLEASE PLEASE ,  ANYONE  ?  
missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!  hot dogs for dinner then who knows what the evening holds!
@adamtheeditor I heard it was disappointing ,  which I am disappointed by before i have  even seen it.  What a waste of C. Bale.
@TraceyHewins Tired! I may have to go to bed. Trouble is I miss all my American evening friends.     X
@CSyouryan I am syourprised you have notfired @StuckeyCSU for announcing the whole world of they body they would found Selfish
I do not  like my dress
Just got home from school LOL 2 1/2 weeks left yay ! ! !  Then off 2 summer school
@RIngram08 glad u feel like cooking i am so tired
At my rehearsal . . . gonna miss the game  please keep me updated! Go Nuggets!
@jessicaca yeah i know  been dealin with it for over 2 yrs now
@cthundr How could you go to Cali without me   ?     ?     ?    i am sad.
is feeling sad  I so dont do goodbye ' z ! ! ! !
@_JessicaB_ yip . . . .aw gonna miss them on bb
@BigHeadAsian Ahhh . . . can not do this one . . . will be in las Vegas that weekend  #noctweetup
@wersching and I have to wait till January. Life is not fair!
already missing my biddy bops  home at mom is for the night watching my little bro and getting some rest for my birthday party tomorrow :-D
@materialistic i know i suck.  my data plan is weak sauce.
@irize yea yea  i am about to tortyoure myself by doing a stanky leg marathon . . i ama do the dance for hrs til I can not no mo
@jwalsh Damnit all. That sucks.  You were one of the ones I thought I would drag back lol
@aaronob My music teacher either expired or forgot about my lesson ,  leaving me outside waiting for my ride to pick me up for 1 hoyour.
Well it is after 6 and i didn ' t get a call back  oh well
@renegadepr cool. looking forward. san francisco was really nice. didn ' t make it out to napa though  maybe next ti ame.
oh my god  trying to fix pic but it is not working ! ! ! ! ugh also mom wont let me sleep over sanzz ! ! ! !!  bad day ! ! ! !
@rdougan I wish I was! well ,  for the past hoyour I have been. But before that I was in bed. Proper migraine!
@michaelpietsch He is totally ignoring me!! How sad!  I am heartbroken
Got stuck in a traffic jam today ,  i now have one sunbyourned arm
@coliwilso  *  hugs *   still feeling poorly are you
On my way to work ,  i am kinda sad
chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty byournt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with Ian ,  not happening though.
I missed your calls
waiting for sleeping pills to kick in . . .  gonna be so tired at work tomorrow
Why the fuck can not I be over this    ?     ?     ?    I feel like crying bit I realy do not  want to  why is this bothering me sooooooo much !  ?  
@syourvivorqueen I can not shes taken my keys to muh car.
No Rockin on the River for me ,  tonight . . . 
@BodyWisdomInc sorry I missed you @pcharityclassic. Saw you across the way ,  I was busy taking pix-abt 4:15 came to meet U-but U were gone
@dougreport just checked again and it worked!! Sorry
@Kalediscope Girl  *  cries *  i am allergic to seafood
Just got to the gym but w/no energy
God ,  why can not I be at #asylum  ?   Really. I never get to do anything cool!
@ the San Antonio Missions game waitressing. Not a huge crowd.  Meaning a slow game.
I would rather be at #BEATweetup.  Instead ,  i am taking my cue from @vromans and shutting down. @wirechairs @annacarollo reprezent-zent!
my fab broke
oh my god  ,  someone just left me a voicemail at work    ffs let me have a day off
@ArtyTheCat oh noes I missed you again.
@wita  Still think it is unfair that Infamous is not on PC. =/
ok ,  twitter doesnt like me   i must be really dumb . . . how do i send a msg  ?  
Wanting to go out . . .  apparently no ones available!
They byournt my zuccini
has such a freakin migraine
I miss vlogcandy
Why can not i find any jewellry for my dressssss  ?  
epic fail with the chocolate fountain that got CLOGGED
Aw i could not see robert before practice. That makes me sad
I MISS TUGGER AND MISTO  last night was amazing3 i was so close to them : ' )
@KSdaisy Aw . . . poor thing.
I ripped my favorite pair of jeans.
i just bit my tongue.  blood everywhere ! ! ! 
Byourning my tongue on Won Ton soup
@momneedstherapy - So sorry Ambien got sick.  Perhaps work her ashes into the garden with a catnip plant  ?  
Why hasn ' t he called. i am being blown off yet again.
someti ames i forget my favorite porn stars are real people too. @bobbyclarkx made orange chicken last night and cut his finger off! sad!
cars  ,   ,    ,   ,  cars . . . cars . . . .I need one. ha ha. The one I found last night ,  that I wanted so bad! is now sold. And not to me
rain rain go away.  had to cancel my pool plans! tragic.
Is sad there was no Otalia today
does not sound so great at all  http/is.gd/JslB #palmpre
so busy already
put my dog to sleep  I love you abby RIP3
@Ki ammyCakezZ yes ma ' am u do have a pretty smile. but you also will not eat chipotle with me.
Somehow I have managed to sober up and now I remember how crap I felt pre drink
at work . .  missing my miami fam @anywayz ,  @abigaildsouza ,  @mrohboy32 ,  carolina ,  jonathan ,  @Prtyprincess ,  @JessDosil  more
I had some work to do ,  but my wrist hyourts too much to do any of it.
@HollyTheBoss lol. sorry bout today   . . did u get them  ?    ?    what else R U guyz doinq cuz i have to C if i am eligable [howeva itz spelled lol]
feelin depressed   ,   ,   i miss you soo damn fcking much besties   . . i wish i wouldnt have left yt
@Mr_Ki ambalicious you can have the milk i have ,  i only have that here to drink  i think thats whats making me feel sick
@NaomiER Having a bad day actually  but your cd keeps my spirit is lifted
At an 80 '  is retro prom wishing HE was here to dance with!  i am gonna miss his great dancing 2nite  but still having a blast  a few drinks
@prettyrach I am 100 % jealous.  wish I had some
@brighit @lilypenelope @Guy_Vincent @torbengee @@Winsorandnewt i missed the party ! ! ! !  i bought wine and everything ! ! ! 
There go my big plans . . .  thanks ,  tonsils.
@owl311 that makes me sad . . . 
@samsamsammm i miss you!!  stupid work!
friday . . . .i have nothing to do so sad
working on diffusing that irritation but this traffic syoure is not helping  mother F! it is always real bad the days th@ i help plan stuff
@yomama8929 I go into the room for the first ti ame in weeks and you are off cleaning
brother is back!!  i found this really small dead bird on my deck  so sad ,  i basically cried.
Misses JP  I do not know what to do and iv given myself a headache thinking about it ,  just makes me want to cry
off to bed was gonna read some new moon but it is a little late now  night night allx
@alinachka is there anyway you could forgive me  ?  
@uwbadgerkelly because you had chips and sale w/o me
@sarah6800 I miss you already. All the sad faces you texted me were seriously gonna make me cry.
@RealRobBrydon Hi Rob ,  will you be coming back and doing any more shows in Wales again soon  ?   Missed you the first ti ame.
@mssbxny artery tomorrow. No more Hagen Daz for me
@RainbowAnne  Well ,  it was a nice thought while it lasted. Maybe he  will leave properly next ti ame  *  crosses fingers * 
@davidaldrich_wx it looks like it did in Ohio after a tornado hit.
@Heylushh haha me tooooo! I miss you I havnt seen you in ages
was just about to try and  dl the si ams 3 but realize my pc do not  meet the standard requirements  i need new pc lol ! ! ! 
everyone has left me and gone to bed
@kickzfadayz Oyour boy better get it in tonight ! ! ! ! Or it is all over
i want to join drama practice today but i can not
@ClaireSale Poor Beta ,  I took hi am to Seattle ,  riding on my lap on the plane. He was happy here until oyour week long outage-cold did hi am in
@Savfortomorrow I thought I was doing pretty good; I guess not. Bummer.
I miss hi am soooo much  not gonna see hi am for 2-3 months
@ThisStarChild aww please explain botts I am all  ' fused . . . 
@hannahxmakeup my stupid putet will not let me go to your chat
@wesleyadamquinn i missed the chicago show  boo me.
@TinPanAlley Sorry bro  That is rough.
i am sad to take off the suit b/c I know i am not going to get to wear one again for a long ti ame
@chopperdave12 i think i am just going to wind up going Home and go to bed
@MmMmMshell I miss having u as a roommate
Bored and kinda lonely ,  my parents went up to the lake. I didn ' t have a friend to bring up so i knew i was bored and didn ' t go.
@djflykid Ooooh ,  boo!  We only see each other at the bar (at @titusofallti ame is well) or miss each other!i will make a pt of stopping by! 
@ladebelle yeah it is a double edged sword. So I guess we dead on new stories  ?  
Trying to watch Boys Before Flowers online. Streaming sucks and my wireless is crappy too
I so want to be a part of Windows Clubhouse ,  but my WL Spaces blog is random ,  and not the place where I share Windows stuff
Why does twitter eat my DM is  ?    Not happy
@BuffaloLass87 i am so sorry  do you want me to call  ?   If not I will be on ai am in a couple of hoyours if you need to vent
@DonnieWahlberg - l would come if u could ,  but Australia is just too far away
@AmyMonzon booooo  my senior yearbook sucks thanks for the memories bhs -___-
@trellthms what r u doing tonight bro  ?  I wanna go out
@gi amboland sorry change of plans for me   : ' ( revision for monday exam in a park with one of my friends
is trying to deny that she is beginning to miss hi am -- more and more ,  each and every single day that their apart   . . .  i need Sprite! HAHA!
@mileycyrus Workin your crazy sched. has to be tiring . . it is gotta  be hard being famous  but jus kno u have Bazillionz of fans supprtin u
@lbutterworth I know ,  twitter is depressing me tonight
@MissKellyO  wish I could eat with you all  ! ! ! 
I dont get how to use twitterr!
@selenagomez bye selena ! ! !  too bad i didnt get to talk to u while u were here
Just thought about my hubby being deployed n now I got the blues  I need a stiff drink but i am breastfeeding so no booze for me  Ugh!!
@gialovescece NO GHOST WHISPERER  ?  !!  What am I going to do without J. Love  ?  !
i hate songs and syourveys  they always seem to make me cry.
Last full day of high school was today. i am sad that I may never see a lot of my friends ever again!!
I want a byourrito but I still have 30 more minutes of work
My tummy hyourts . . . 
@Teseract86 If I got paid by the hoyour I could retire by now  do you have xBox live  ?   I am thinking Rock Band
i hate it when my bff is groundedd  boooooooooo
mannnn . . .   why aint my music working
My dog died today. We had her for 11 years. I miss her so much.
Someti ames I wish I was a warden
i am bored . . .  do not  want to stay home tonight ,  but do not  want to spend money  blah
i just saw a baby dove fall from a tree ,  break it is neck and die  i tried to save it and couldnt. what a cruel world
wants to go home!
@tymrichardson the movie Tym . . .  So sad ,  I was crying non-stop.
@ the Eldorado house ,  goodbye Aliante house.  *  Memories made ,  memories fade!
@Kat_KittyKat  so now i am bored . . untill i go out
Is dying my hair back to pink. I missed being a cupcake. And I miss my Sherry and Melanie
today has me feelin '  like crap
@sunmess she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn ' t get the chance to see her.
at home sick
@bgoldy and sitting in traffic trying to escape campus is feeling just as hellish
my guinea pig died today
i got over the crush issue but now tomorrow my friend is going to india for the whole summer  i am back to being sad.
I cried . . . 
@babymakes7 no.  I lost the link you sent when I had to pull my battery.
my stomach hyourts
is Jay Leno is last show tonight
i have  become one of those pathetic girls that feel lonely without their boyfriends hahaha i miss josey already!!
@TheNewBradie my tvs not working  i wanna watch vhit is : ' (
sadd . .   last night in fl . .  going back to AR tomorrow
i am a sad panda ,  hulu does not have the elephant show   no Skinnamarinkydinkydink sing alongs for me.
Unfortunately these heffas decided to take an i ampromptu mall trip without telling me
@MomofCandE Miss you
@suncito hi there! got off comp. early last nite.  saw u weren not feeling well . .    hope u r better!!
Literally laid in bed all day. Major headache
Missing nathan and the bccg already. And my best friends that tried to visit me   Heading back tomorrow afternoon.
I miss nicc today.
plus . .  janessa hyourt my feelings
@sfitzpatrick924 bahah sadly I am not
@mlpband my heart just broke a little  . . .  and by a little i mean a lot
@karshka Hey.  I will not be coming to town this weekend ,  because I do not  have a day off until next friday.
misses home on the farm
down side = i have a seat by myself  loner. please be a starbucks there.
Going to the dirt track races w Aaron. Having a really good hair day! wish I could wear makeup though
@LeslieIN  so what was said  ?    ?    i am so bummed I missed it!.   *  sigh *  I want to go to california
Trying out a new Twitter client ,  can not seem to get a new theme applied to DestroyTwitter
it is so windy and raining harder then the day before today   bye bye if the power gos out
@iAquarian I heart Mela so so much cept last ti ame I went they booked us in on the Satyourday instead of the Friday and wouldn ' t feed us
Leaving for Atlanta in the morning to catch JoCo and Pa  St ! ! !  i am excited! Missed PS at D * Con last year.  That made me a sad owl.
@travistubbs i am already a fan of hulu. Too bad there is not a bigger Internet selection on netflix.  I thought that would be easier
@CChiron - Well (as you can see) i have  been blah blah blahing so much . . . yep. I forgot. i am sorry   But . . . i am here!
at hannah montana set . . .  i am missing tennessee ALOT today
@ChariceManiacs  me too! i do not  know why every ti ame i listen to it i start to cry!
whats wrong with my flickr  http/www.flickr.com/photos/frenchtoastcake/ my quilt top photo only shows when you click on it! SAD STORY ! ! ! 
Friday Night Magic last night ,  I lost so bad  I suck at draft
is feeling very sick
@PaulaAbdul  why canceled your performance on Letterman  ?   i am So sad because it is less an option for you.
Out for an evening on the town with jeremy. Sad Carrie can not come
Listing to a sad song  so i am sad too
@mommy41402. I was like whyyyyy  ?  !
@Ony_B all the shows are sold out  so I have to wait til tomorrow or sunday . . . 
theres nothing worse than working on a friday night and having to wake up at 6 am on a satyourday. I want my babe
this is what i think about the world @mileycyrus at hannah montana set . . .  i am missing tennessee ALOT today
Josie is out of syourgery. She is now officially unable to procreate. And She is way out of it . . .  Poor medicated baby
i know i told hi am i didnt want hi am to stay home with me but i lied ,  i really did want hi am to stay home with me
@shanisfearless gaah rain for tomorrow
All alone at home . . . .
Riley had an alphabet fashion show today and I forgot my camera.  It was so cute!
#myweakness too loving  . . . i always let negative people into my life
@LayourenLovesJB You can not.  My Grandma will probably be on the phone. So get on Ai am!
i am starving!! This diet is killing me but I can not eat after 8pm
@mikekang That is super sad   How is Bart etc holding up  ?  
Home lost the baseball game by 1 friggin '  point!  Now i am gonna scrap.
lonely
such a terrible day  only six now . . . 
@ProctorsArm at least posada had a good ab
They took my property
Life sucks if your not having fun.
@SashaBoucher oh my god ! i know ,  and it ruins my weekend!  syouree ,  if you want too.
Gossip Fluffodile here. The latest  ?   Mad night with Teg ,  Jack ,  Lou ,  Tess and Frey. Had a gender war. But I was v. sad for a friend also
@Bookfoolery they used to have a Book Expo in Canada (Toronto) but the cancelled it this year  #BEAtwittyparty #BEAtwittyparty
@shaundiviney u no there was no point pointing it out yesterday and ppl had 2 wait til midnight  . . .  they were kinda pissed
@DavidArchie want to hear something funny  ?   i am yours is on the radio right now!
I was crying all of Tuesday cos I find out! ;(  . . .  Economics is offically my crying subject lol
The dj is and partypeople were great again at CC. Kicking  Next one June 7
@allankent @andywalton oo ,  oo ,  I must compete . . .  let me login to my work email to see if I can top that
@RaspberryHatter  aw. that sounds amazing  But I think I have work. Thank you for inviting me though
Sigh. i am getting off the computer now to do even MORE homework . . .  Bye
in school ,  wants to read Eclipse ,  200-and-some-60 pages read
Morning all - woken by neighboyour is kids screaming in the garden before 8am so not in a very benevolent mood . . .   you have been warned!
@LarryBenet Per Taylor Dayne conversation.  it is official I am now jealous of you.
@neo_kryptik the usual . . .  applications ,  checking statuses ,  reading stuff that is  . . .  wel . . .  not arbit  etc
@Kayleigh_Stack i wish i could go to both but i do not  thinki will be allowed :p either way with two shows going your bound to get a ticket
@geewhy  You are just jealous!  Guess you  will be walking around the office tomorrow in your Malo!
Waking up with Star Wars End Title Song in my had is sorta awesome  . .  and also kinda creepy
i get so sucked in to true life ,  and that steve-o documentary was intense ,  i love that shit ,  it is nice to see people get their lives back
Hangin out and drinkin beers with @muffclassic  . . dude brought me a new pair of pyourple kicks . .  i am gonna wear them on the Act III cover . . 
@katrin_l unfortunately not.my work ties me down 4 the whole summer.but if there is a eu-toyour this fall , I  will be there!  I want a rebound
@beltranm hello  i am up late playing on the internet. I love you!
@AKAVirtualPA Everything and Nothing Hmmmmmmm
Storm system that looked to bring us rain today is going to miss us
@kirbis007 i trusted matt with my life in that pictyoure. funnnn night though
@NileyLover09 well i`m a little bit sick but i`m fine
says everyone was busy  http/plyourk.com/p/rou4v
Eminem 3AM  . . .  Freaking Awsome ! ! !   . . .  i am Going Back Too . . .  Seams Like Something big is inside me . . .  and no . . . is not a Alien
@emmyrossum ah  Hate it when that happens! The Race to Erase MS is this week. Are you going  ?  
@hot30 can you please have a short stakc competition
THiNKiNG 0f Hi am  3
: I love camp fires  I just wish the kids would try a bit harder to sing along
it is raining here  i am stuck inside working today so i would probably be peed off if it was sunny outside ,  i am now ok with the rain
@miguellf we want ot protect Moleskine notebooks worldwide. That is all.
@ChageAUS fiscally responsible is fiscally over rated
Oh what a beautiful morning and brekky in bed
i am bored @freakinspecial: hope your wlan will go today!
Aw I wish I was in Ireland  @neilhi amself
@JonathanRKnight without your tweets i feel lost hit me with something
The tree-lined avenue , begins to fade from view , drowning past regrets ,  in tea and cigarettes , but I cant seem to forget , when you came along
@orangeflowers  i have  run out of earl grey ,  so having lemon tea instead ,  then whb for me too
@natalietran I do not  like the term partner when it comes to relationships. it is too business like so that is my ugly word of the day
@heatxsink SCREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM - never freu you zu frh
@nitadarling I see . . . 
Coffee didn ' t tyourn out good tiday but excellent!
@kkkrista only if we can cuddle afterwards. I like to cuddle after tyourning tricks on van byouren
just watched slumdog millionaire  it is soo goood i love it  but it is sad!
@jenkellytisdale  good luck  haha i loved your character in the bring it on: in it to win it  movie
it is @andremichelle s (mr. tonematrix) birthday today. Poor guy is ill at home. Perhaps a  ' hi '  from the twittersphere would do some good
@JonathanRKnight good night Jonathan! I tried to stay up ,  I really did. I can not wait till your in my ti amezone! Will be so much easier then!
Plans for today ,  cleaning ,  washing clothes  cooking a Pork Dinner! Weather here is bit dull.  Hoorah for Bank Hols though
is up and ready
@DesignerDepot thanks for adding ,  no befriending ,  no ,  uh oh never mind ,  Thanks!
@puppaz that really sucks I feel bad for you at least I woke up at eight.
@DestriDoll sorry I didn ' t message you yet . . .  I could not get my thoughts straight. But tomorrowi will try  goodnight
drinking cordial  yes i am bored
@sharlynnx aww thank you  so is yours
@JavierChua Well I am on the RIGHT side of thirty
Ginger biscuit is rule  ! ! !  (by the way ,  I yourgently need weight scales  )
@danielleg1709 hahaha this is super late ,  but thank you!!
Fast  Fyourious = EXCELLENT movie.  And Andy is a great guy   Most of the ti ame . . .   lol
@UncleCreepy (cont) a bastardized version of French  ?   it is fun ,  believe me!
had my first day at work and i am not excited about the lay out of the place and where everything is . .  o well it is a job
well . . . gotta grab at least an hoyour and a half sleep before the girl is get up for school . . . gawd the life of multi-taskin '   night/mornin ' 
no school today gd  but dont get to see mates n millsy x
@BJ111 by the way ,  it is INconvenient . . . 
@NCLUSA Sorry to disappoint. Not a big Nascar fan but i am still an all-around decent redneck other than that.
is tired on her friendster account.
no eggs today  . . .  shame was looking forward to a egg and bacon sandwich
@andypiper I have not been aquired . . .  it is just a new oppertunity. Sorry if they do not  support mac. I will not tell more
@krisreyes here btw ,  this is not a bot
can not sleep but is happy that the Fugees are keeping hi am company
my mummy is cooking dinner just for me because I missed out when everybody else ate. I feel 3 would
@paulusveltman Ja  Deze is interessanter - Why text messages are li amited to 160 characters - http/tr.i am/kpgg
@mobileech Looking for a new SMS sending solution  ?   http/promotion.itagg.com Get 6 FREE SMS with every iTAGG!
@denvy Oh whoops ,  my bad
When life ,  as you know it ,  does not exist anymore.
@lynnftw I know exactly what you are saying . .  it is so not cool . . .  that is why tapes were better  :p
@Gjerninger Are you syoure you want to know  ?    it is http/bit.ly/AUuAC - it makes me want to run. In other news: Happy Star Wars Day!
@emulley I missed you today . . . I know you must feel very tired. I will give you a massage tonight
@frogworth hey ,  have a great gig! We  will have to do exchange of tracks via ze emayal  i am all lost in loops right now and still writing
graandma is houseee  i havee too leave now! 3
discovering kindred spirit is on and off line ,  here and there.
@sophieveronica Ha-ha abbreviate it  ,  so it is not so bulky
it is the little things thati will always cherish about you . . . 
@saikatblogger it is WoW! effect  Thanks for the update.
@tomatosponge hey ,  no we were second ,  kind sad ,  but it is ok   guitar ,  guitar ,  guitar  BBQ and good ti ame  what about you  ?  
borred what everyone doingn check out links on my profile
it is Blockbuster week in New Zealand - Wolverine tomorrow followed by Star Trek on Thyoursday!
@Snowgirl1972 have to avoid the byourning desire to say I already have one  no ,  no room for piglets ,  just enough room for chucks
is sick ! ! ! ! and just chilling tonight watching Desperate Housewives
@SoMuchMo aww ,  i miss u already! and this DEF sums up the wknd lol
@BigHugClub that gets around the problem I had of doing it all myself  good idea.
@vian1309 yeah real hard ,  but I know you  will get by with it . . .  smile
@QueenieCyrus morning miss sarah cyrus  WHAT is UP  ?    x
@Naiadrisa Heh ,  that is happened to me before too. Hope the rest of your week goes better!
@bennglazier nup no cd either . .  just a whole bunch of zeros and ones you can have for free
@dutchreaganite ROFLMAO! I feel inspired to go start a huge bonfire now
the dutchess - such a sad film but still a fave . . . 
Boring. Sunny Monday. No school. Tired. Lazy. Hungry. Yeah ,  in a great mood!
day started off bad but got better
am hungry . .  going to eat . . .  catch up with you guys later  4 people who are hyourt by my sardonic quotes - why are you waiting ,  hit me back
@fudgecrumpet ok i believe you.but i have a belly button.lol
night out had 2 b put on hold 4 2 weeks coz i was so ill last nite ,  gutted! still had a nice nite tho  but whers the sun gone!
Hate this song    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jg6f
Well after a glorious weekend ,  it is only bloody raining . . .  Nice BH in order then!
@Tizzik Yeah ill make syoure i keep you updated . .  i get it all delivered
@fudgecrumpet saw the deforestation.so not syourprised of bad back but @mrsfudgecrumpet moan back at you.lol
@underdog1979 Was gonna say ,  probably kill ya ,  serve the sentence and be living on the insyourance cash by now.  You are insyoured right LOL
So ,  what are you all doing  ?   i am eating crackers! Yummy. The unsalted ones of coyourse. I only do salt in my caviar.
@ChloeCazRhi why thankyouu!
Wtf why am i JUST getting up now  ?   HM:TM today  but before that . . .  revision revision revision 
can not sleep throat dry as hell . .  ugh ! still gon '  wake up fabulous !
@Beverleyknight Hiyaaaaaa  just got back from the scan! wow ,  was amazing ,  i cried haha , 
@Zobi09 Haha yes I do  it is hard work ,  too! I didn ' t get home until 3:00 AM ,  not like I sleep haha.
shower ti ame ! ! ! !!
another week starts
This weekend went by way too fast!  On my way to work with David Archuleta in tow.
Mentally exhausted.  A cuppa right now with almond biscotti would be really nice.
Going to group therapy session ,  can not wait to spill my guts . . .  Ha ha ha
@abeen good question. Nepal PM declaring to resign and actually resigning is two very different things .
@bwhips Good to know i am not alone in my confusion
@se7en.up cm on anh  ko the chiu no~i noi nh Tifa roi :-D ,  thang Cloud danh dam gi mac ke no :
@nptnmkiii so many rules - you expect people to be human and have a pic.  pfft.    good morning.  welcome to another Monday.
@Sweet_Charlotte We should! There will be another thrown i am syoure but this one will be with my American family
@sparklethots love that birdy nest! though i already got us another kind
thats my moan for the day
@Yassak you hate her ,  I love her.  presentation got cancelled. I got up at 0600 and went in to work today for this pitch !
@FotoWala Nice - your book will be a ready reckoner for new stuff next ti ame i am there!
well i am gonna go now.  goodbye all.
Waaaa. I ran my machine problem! Yeah!
eating breakfast  getting ready to go to school ;(
@iamdiddy If I knew it was gonna be this kind of party ,  I would ' ve stuck my dick in the mashed potatoes!
The Aspitar Hospital in Doha is amazing. Great service ,  nice building and free WiFi. Win
@pd1001 Aw poor you . . ironing! Eek! lol it is raining here too . . . .prob try and get out with the kids later . . nt too exciting i am afraid!
@suzi_meow YEAH U Better BE !!
@threefromleith Poor you. i am off on Bank Holiday Monday today too
Boo to the rain. Just got all pruney in the bath  oo it is may day . . the crazy morris dancers will be having it large in ampthill lol.
My problem is not that I miss you . . .   ' cause I do not 
it is 6.30pm - sun is setting soon ,  and i should be setting off soon too! Grab some dinner and catch sitcoms!
listening to AM- teddy picker  She saw it and she grabbed it and it was not what it seemed
apparently it is starwars day today  I like this . Shame I have revision though.
Bank holiday in the UK ,  it is raining! Typical UK Bank Holiday weather! If it dries lateri will get the chainsaw out for the trees!
@Amesox heyy dude ,  yuup thats it really hows your monday  ?    x
i am dragging myself out of the low point. Slowly. And with wine to assist. Prob not v sensible but these lows do not  hit very often.
is excited to be visited by her twin and best friend! dinner ,  star gazing ,  and a movie!   // cool http/gykd.net
In a philosophical mood tonight ,  wandering round after dark does that for me
@fiendfyre Never ever smoking around you again.
@rossmcw Happy birthday. Let us know what you get up to old boy
@alyankovic Oh! I ate pizza last night too!  I stupidly feel closer to you somehow!
i am watching missing pieces ,  just coz the theme song is lost without you
@bhuto given the way kunal khemu etc. starrers tyourn out . . there is a high probability of it being  ishit '  rather than  ' niche ' !
@XKirstyxo Basket Case is mine  I miss it . .  Going to have to listen a shit load now
lol if i only can sTay up a few more hoyours . .  i keep missing Tila is lasT posTs  . . 
@Howby26 hm ,  sorry to hear that! well ,  keep holding on! my break is over , i will go take a nap now!
Hard to start the week after a long fun sunny weekend of tennis ,  free food and drink ,  and very nice people. 5 days to go until next round
Right ,  I must be off to do some sewing. Bye x
up late last night   . . .  Oracle from 8 to 40
@mshady coyourgette
hey everyone ,  guess what  ?   ROONEY is not COMING TODAY!
@kia i am somehow totally distracted by that shirt!  I do not  even know why.Suddenly he is like the guy next door!
Is babysitting 3 dogs . . . they are all over the place . . . 
@DaveWares working ,  my 4-day weekend is over ,  aah well another one coming in 2 weeks
sorry mum ,  will treat you well from now on
My Life Would Suck Without You - Kelly Clarkson
Just a couple thoughts . . . was bored this morning
@pickleshy it is tongue in cheek of some mentalities.There is another one which takes the piss of arabs ,  but it is too long
@MerCyouriosJewels Wonderful trip!  Read all 4 Twilight novels.  Completely all consuming and engrossing.  Kinda sad to be done.
Especially hard to get out of bed with myself this morn Cuz i am hot   ,  Now running late stuck in front of the mirror checking Myself Out
im boring - bad weather today ,  watchingn alias and having fun  with my boyfriend
it is funny you said we would never make it and look how far we ' ve come . . .   i am BACK ON HEAHHH!  um. yeah. school 
in the mood to listen to some Reg stuff  (Sir told me: U used to be a huge fan of mine but now it seems you ' ve forgotten my songs ! ! ! ) )
weathers let me down this morning . . . ugh! . . . hada gd nite tho!
http/snipyourl.com/hbp3g  Canalway Cavalcade over in  ' little venice '  near Warwick Avenue - on today too
Go to school  Reviens  15h30
Respect to @fresh01 for the Heineken man bag  http/twitpic.com/4jdrg
STILL TRYING TO GET THIS ALL FIGyourED OUT  ?   ! ! ! !
I was right ,  street market + rain = not a good idea! Am at home now with the fire on and a bacon sandwich yummmmm
@shotdown Haha ,  she is up here to stay ,  it is nearly 2 hoyours on the coach for her to get here ,  may not be convenient for an hoyour of TV!
Working working and working at www.redirlanda.es. Many hoyours spent but it worth!! Lets make Red Irlanda big
@marnixtfn Ahahahah ,  hello to you and welcome on twitter ^^ Got the hang of it already  ?   
@PeteTaylor I miss you too!!
I am going to work than ,  ill be home ,  and i am going to look for my camera since it must be lost in my house. everyone have a wonderful day
I syoure do wish my mind could enter that box called nothing that men have.  My brain just will not go there . . .  and it is exhausting.
@Pink wow 41 , 000 now . . . your really kickin '  Carey is butt with this competition! See you both very soon!
@dotcompals yes . . .  nice. I missed a lot of fun. Damn exams. you are looking good . . . hair
@chah101 haha Hey ,  Well if you were in the elevator you should have said more!
Ugh. i am so tired. Waitin for the bus. @jpbabii202 good morning!
off to teach a bunch of fifth graders for the morning.  Oh joy  . . . 
Waking up at unGodly hoyours to go to work is starting to get old. At least the coffee is good
@poojashetye until I break up with you via a 27 second phone call
Illy is note in the book: From one  ' geek '  to another - keep up the good work! sigh.  He is missed - and he was great for espresso.
dinner was yummy and all . . .  but i am still super tired after all the things we went through to enroll for college.
Woke up this morning to the line I made this half-pony half-monkey monster to please you But I get the feeling that you do not  like it 
in 1st period. i hate this class. can not wait until i am home ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! !  i will b the happiest person in the world wen i am home ! ! ! 
@Seoulbeats romance zero is funny
Finished with MTML assignment  But didn ' t like it at all. Feels like I missed lotsa points but the word li amit is 2500. Hmmpph!
I was not sore yesterday. But i am definitely feeling those hills now! My legs hyourt all the way up to my booty. it is a good hyourt
@sensualbodyrubs Hope you get your car today   Hate anything that stops me from my work 
(bye) plyourk out muna. will be back when i am done reading the book  http/plyourk.com/p/rq9c7
will be practicing my smile today-it is gunna be BIG!
Downloading Chex-Quest!  Been about 12 years sins it is final release you say  ?   your Right!
What can twitter do for me
got an A in english again  yay . .   but a D- in maths
Is Bored. Waiting Till 7:06 To Go Out To Tha Bus
back , had a great MAD monday meeting tomorrow
The old internet is fairly boring today ,  nothing new on it
@dbdc LOL! I hate when that happens!! All hyped up and it is over before you know it! Lunch sounds nice . . hope you have a nice ti ame.
is @ school ,  we are gonna learn how to use skype
is going to her last full day of school. life is good.
@ankyourb Just kidding! do not  go around quoting me
@MisfitDior good morning misfit  *  passes you Tylenol * 
i wish i could take my pillow to school. dead serious.
@iveland do not  know it really hyourt my arm. guess you have to booze me . .  or just ask @hpeikemo or @erlandwienke if you do not  believe me!
i am sleeepyyy. today = busy. work 10-4 ,  library ,  class 6-7:20 ,  tanning ,  packing ,  bit of sleep ,  atlantic city airport ,  myrtle beach
is pretty dang tired. but chambers class is for napping.
@podagraph Wait a min ,  u pretty much home til u jump the pond  ?   I have 1 wk 2 go. If I could find a cheap flt  it is a thought ,  haha.
so tired after work . . . but i have King is Bounty Add-on and A Vampyre Story for a evening  and X-men comixes is completely donloaded
@oliyoung
Trying to figyoure out this whole Twitter thing! Thanks Scott  Allison . . . now I can not concentrate on work
On my way to school not feeln this rainy day at all . . .  But I had lots of FUN this weekend   . . . 
besides feeling sick . . . some things have made me feel particularly happy
@sethsi amonds I am grateful for a great marriage ,  awesome kids ,  and a business that rocks! I guess the rest of my family is ok too.
Good morning! Kid going back to school after 10 sick days. Looking forward to a productive week.  happy monday!
@SheiroQ fuckyoumonday  ?    I like it. it is a totally crap-tastic rainy day here.  i am off to work.  *  hugs * 
@MagmaFlow Not yet . . .  too early in the AM
@shanelapoint hey hunnie  how are u  ?    ?   I miss talkin to u! Ty for the follow
Does not want to go to school. Oh well. I get out early anyways.
@Rawrrgasmic it is a dreary monday morning and I slept like crap . . . give me a break . . . 
@PaulaMacKay I think he thought about it ,  but then I sneezed on hi am
@Squiretwizz You are right- you do not  do sympathy very well
Off to school so tired didnt hear the 10 texts i had last night lol !! Still tired but i love Jesus Christ
@syzygy thank you
In pain from earlier gym session - a necessary evil after too much beer this past year
@pauldoussay Yes ,  i am the only stupid girl of my kind!!
@Janegoth It has ,  however ,  got me out of doing the gardening - something for which I am eternally pleased
@shonali hello- i would like a little chat- but can not DM you- is there a mail id  ?  
3 to go ,  and uploading photos to email would be ten tenenen tenen . .  DONE
is planning her week ,  it is going to good ,  going to get a lot of stuff done
Chilliin
@sargedunn1 oh ,  I am sorry my friend. Katie  I will do oyour best to keep you cheery
is feeling sick  . . .  oh well ,  i reckon those people on the bus cyoursed me . . .  Anyways ,  nighty night all!!
Getting to play golf with oyour kickin '  Leadership Team . . . I have a feeling they r gonna kick me on the golf coyourse
@Matt_Vega @Matt_Vega sikeeee.i am sick  *  cough * 
@Sampad Till then  . . Ice Cream!
when i decide to be on ti ame for something ,  that devil is always there to counteract! Frustrating but not discoyouraging . . . 
@Stormb441 not in this part of Syourrey either ,  feeling quite a bit nippy I must say. Afternoon to you
ill and bored on bank holiday . .  Nothings open . .  Bad ti ames . .  Film it is
@djsteeley I think it is less of a tribute and more of a parody.
On the computer alllllllllllllllll day
has a lot to catch up on from the weekend! The BHR hosts have been busy ,  busy ,  busy  http/plyourk.com/p/rqpl7
@MattthewHoare please do not  tell me they ' ve cut the price of macbooks . .  although if photoshop has been reduced ,  that would be great
@asexynyfemale just make syoure you have it well done
Good Morning!    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jnl7
sitting in katies house with jo ,  the other two are away doing stuff ,  and i have swine flu  and bronchitis but thats a diff story.
@AntiDepressiva I get motivated by the fact that I knowi will wake up and be more productive if I go ,  then if I sleep in ,  just me though
@Izzndsophtv i want to experience snow  we do not  have snow here and it sucks
Eating a bagel  yummy
@juenese i totally felt bad for the guy. haha i am good  i miss you guys!
Wish I was in London to personally witness the Nun Run! What a great idea for the opening of Sister Act is new broadway show
Checked the bank acct this mornin . . got a lil sad . . then decided I would i amagine a 0 on the end just to make me smile.  #whateverworks
@jerzegyourl Hiya! Missed you too! What have you been up to  ?  
 . .  i am going to fail my art final. FML. this was by far the worst semester of my life school wise- otherwise it was the best
Hell of a lot to do. But they say you shouldn ' t complain theese days. Who are they and can they help me in that case
@LesNoyse when will she b finished
@yaseminx3  know. hahah xD what cha doin  ?  
Pizza for breakfast . . .   shower . . .  classes
i am feeling pretty energized  ready to face the day w/only about 3 hoyours of sleep. Hope it lasts all day.
@petercoffin Maybe if we pass a lay making the #swineflu illegal ,  law abiding citizens will not get it
Going to bed ,  in pain fell on my shoulder today. Good night
My computer is SO slooowww this morning.  I think it is a sign that I should go home and play in my yard.
Got my attics w sadie art work included  good ti ames just broke my head phones bad ti ames still happy buy attics!
just another manic monday . .  wish it were sunday . .  that is my fun day  happy monday twitterland
@CelestialBeard http/ten.com.au/good-news-week.htm --- this is it. definitely nothing christian about it
miss your smile
AC is broke at the house. waiting to get an esti amate on ti ameframe to repair. on the bright side ,  gonna join CoLab this week.
has a new nick name - arosh  . . i like i like
@ronenk @jewlicious Guys ,  nothing is free in life. Where is my shidduch money  ?  
Happiness comes from within . . . so the fact that it is a gray ,  rainy ,  Monday does not bother me. Well ,  not too much.
@amandawilk106 yes unfuzzy ,  i prefer the fuzzy me and clear caleb . .   wanna tyourn back the clock!
Rainy Mondays . . .  Is there a better day to work at home  ?    ?   I am thankful!!
@vivyouell You got me. That is where i am obviously going wrong!
@thriftymom TEAR * 
@mongab I WANT YOU ALL HERE WITH ME TOO! Ya ' l shoulve gone with RM!
LivingHandy.de 2.0 - stay tuned  - http/www.LivingHandy.de/
Is at Panera eating a bacon ,  egg and cheese with a coffee!  http/twitpic.com/4jip9
@lulyourocks3 That is messed up. I hope your day gets better.
concert tonight  chackin out and not coming tomorrow!
Dreary bus ride home. i am rubbing my eyes out but at least I didn ' t spend the day in school. Over 12 hrs well spent
@Monodi what lol  ?  
@Da7e Man ,  that sucks and I feel your pain . . .  if you were local ,  I would buy you a cup of coffee.
It smells like the beach from my job . . 
@SlovakBrewer Yeah ,  I wanted to have some  I was bottling ,  so it is sanitized and all good. It tastes like those choc. oranges.
Really tired ,  and need to be up in the morning . . .  Off to bed. Good Night All ! ! ! 
i hate waking up early! but i need to make up my 27 hrs at my pharmacy class. =[ sighhh.  in other news: breakfast ti ame ! ! ! !
sooo long twitters! i am off to Cuba
HE SAID IT  HE ACTUALLY SAID IT and I think i am gonna cry now. 3
Round two of Vega: Vanilla Chai flavor.  Just realized that I have only 45 days left
@DamienCripps Awesome  Such a shame though Mark who was the Fiddle player died last month ,  Fab Version of Good Riddance (i have the album)
Is pretty damn chipper today  even if the weather is rubbish! Excited for things to come! x
i am syourrounded by negativity good thing there is a Fly Guy to give me hope that there is something better  thank u Jesus
Spoke out in class again  now the dreaded ch13 bio test
Woke up late  trying to get sh * t done before work
apparently i am not getting drives to school in the morning anymore  ?   well my dad left so no school for me this morning . .  watching twilight
I got a full day of work today.  can not wait in tell i get home for some beer and tv ti ame  but i got to make the money to get the beers
@jaymiealyson i mean give. lol with a finger! then crash her car! lol jk. thats bad. just ignore her
@ScaryMommy   Syoure!  My entire blogroll is terribly updated ,  but this could motivate me to update and redo it!
@sln25373 it was Lies. and my fav song is not alone from room on the 3rd floor
@iunfold That is true  I never believe my staff when they call in sick on Mondays or Fridays - LOL!
@i amjustcreative com ' on dude always think that things can get worst
@dumbblondy too bad - u can always change your profile pic again
@kyourtismarsh Too far to go unless the prize is in the millions.  We know who wins
wishes it was not a bank holiday so he could be on the radio this afternoon . . .  but at least he has another week to come up with some ideas
The Gray Hat Python book reminded me how many secyourity tools are python version specific ,  which is a pain if you need to use all of them
@marissa110 heyy i finally got one too  oh and good luck on your finals today
@PRChels_BE I heard the Yellow Light Maybes put on a great show Satyourday! Sorry I missed it ,  Chelk.
Intel gfx driver situation much better with recent upgrades. kernel 2.6.30rc4 and driver from git: Suspend working again ,  fewer mem leaks
@Alyssa_Milano Hey there  Thought i would tweet you to say Hi . . I have so much to write but theres no space in this little box hehe Damn
@DoctahAna can not really do anything about that ,  now can I  ?  
@smileit isbubbles that is yo name girllll!
@scottharrison Thanks for the DM! I am on the ATL Twestival committee  really hope you have a public speaking event soon!! Enjoy ATL
@denise183rd yo wake your ass up  and go to work  go get that paper  u aint sick dont lie
@sbcvandy oh my god ! I KNOW!  I give myself a stroke everyti ame I go getting mad at them. (Quietly with the windows rolled up.    )
At school. Blagh. Yay i am getting the IPhone in August!!
Watching All the Kings Men ,  It be pretty good so far!
@PerezHilton hey perez! good luck! well ,  i am still planning for a big present to be given for my mom! i love you mom!
@thisisbenwood -  I wanna go see them in Edinbyourgh  will not happen though haha  ,  yir lucky! And have funnnn x
idk why i am so hyper i am jumping everyhere. ugh lets let it be friday sweeney todd then cinco de mayo il those parties
@MissDeeeee do not  encoyourage me . . .  i have  got years of this stuff. you will regret it !
@aweekes haha nope she will not  altho my train back from Leeds I booked an hoyour too early and they will not let me change it 
@Heart_song Glad you had a wondrous Beltaine! Mine was quiet ,  yet in sync with the season.  Miss you all . . . 
@nicki aminaj Nicklaus ! ! ! !!  Im MAD I missed you out in VA last night ,  I was gonna snatch you up and make you wifey ! ! !  2009 is MINEE
i am up. I have a plan to transform my bedroom today. Random.
Good morning scary world!
@orbicule wow great promo for orbicule. is there an english translation somewhere  ?   my Norwegian is not that good
I  didnt know there was a starwars day
Big Sugar = yet another  ' 90 is bandwagon I was too late to get on. Next SD BNL should reunite them (kind of like they did for the Odds).
(SINGZ) SO I THINK i am JST ABT DONE BEING your GIRRRLFRIEND . . . i am LEAVIN . . . i am LEAVIN! JST LOVE CM!
desktop quad-core Win7 boot ti ame = 2 ' 25 ,  laptop dual-core w/ SSD Win7 boot ti ame = 0 '  13 = SSD for desktop arrives in 2 days
@jordanknight i am not having a good day . . .  can u cheer me up with a tweet  ?    Even Tink will do. LOL.
@ji ammyheartcore awwwww snaaaap Ji ammaaayy.  You are the man with hookups.  Too bad i am so far away!!
@Pat . . not that school wouldnt suck all the ti ame
blerg ,  damn you Monday ,  why must you always come.  Decent weekend ,  new glasses ,  hair color and got carded at Gamestop = awesome ego boost
@t_rothlisberger That is fucking awesome!   *  bookmark * 
@Afey umm how abt a comment like that :p i dont like this
@jordanknight I have now officially resigned myself to never knowing what Tink! means . . . 
@mickster09 You do not  have to rub it in.
@stii no ,  it makes you realise how doomed humanity in USA is
@dragonblogger My pleasyoure  I really enjoy your random word poetry ,  and am disappointed when I miss out on participating!
@tuaw In case no one gave you a heads up ,  ATT just put out an iPhone app for account management (MyWireless) I would love to see a review
@Etsy never noticed that before but you are right! guess that is because my heart is always dreaming of travel . . . 
What am I doing atm  ?   http/twitpic.com/4jmeh Oh yeah. Apple Juice  i am such a rebel!
going to the lumberjack party
Awww I wonder when i ama get married. Shawna and Damon are so cute
@KausarAzam  Hew how u been   ?     ?     ?     ?  Srry I have notposted a vid in forever , I feel guilty lol , so in the next few days hopefully
I meant mamas
If you save these pix from the Today show please credit www.wirei amage.com Thanks
@kyourliedoc poor grace ! ! !  You need to date a cute male nyourse.
ok shopping was far too fun ~ unpacking the bags now
@RedHotCopy I fell asleep on a plane watching Frost/Nixon - hope it works out better for you than it did for me
Slept in ,  woke up with an iced coffee ,  lazed about  went out for a late lunch with the BF. it is been a sweet little laid-back Satyourday.
Just finished mowing the lawn.
good morning. today is my last day of freedom. back to work tomorrow. i am sorta stoked-not stoked. but well.
@Sobbee Naw . .  it was pretty tame. Only 1 guy in costume . .  a Voyager-style medical uni. Disappointed there weren not any more in costume.
i am in VA for the weekend ,  my youngest son tyourns 2 tomorrow . . .  . . it makes me kinda sad ,  he is getting so big ,  check out my twipics
@yourfaveblonde I could have! I had extra tickets. Plus we had two Twitter Giveaways  We  will get you next ti ame.
At the apartment ,  nothin to do ,  a little hungry  http/myloc.me/Fi am
Nanay cried after reading the card I gave her. Hugged her and next thing I knew ,  I was crying ,  too! Haha We are such cry babies. Love her.
@miss_k_renee On a Satyourday  ?   Not so cool friend. Same job  Different position! Let me know when your in town again ! ! !  Miss U
i am FEELIN RITE . .  THE MOOD FLOR TWITTER AFTER DARK . . . 
i am joining twitter  lol
we did what we had to do
@aliceqfoodie Wow ,  you mom has a lot of energy. i am getting tired just reading your tweet and your living it.
@dannywood BTW I STILL can not believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was . . . U in the masks . . I screamed at my pc
@COecobroker And I still recall how helpful you were way back when as I struggled on an AR contest question . . . 
@gheekchik hmmm . . . the one restayourant/one grocery is sad. not the dukbolgi.
@guilty_ Awww. So that is hi am. Nice attempt at hiding from the camera
a successful shopping day
Back then I didn ' t know why you were misunderstood. So now I see thru your eyes ,  all that u did was love. Mama ,  I love you
@vonstroke Heidi just finished her set at Stiff Kitten with Aundy
@santojay They assume you will not be able to afford traveling anymore now that you ' ve got a contract with them
I have the best Brother-in-law in the World. He just sent me Twilight Blue ray gift set. Now if I only had a blue ray player
@lanceschmidt Yeah I was kinda bummed ,  but tell them i am gonna miss them too! I loved your class! You guys made student teaching fun.
Pappadeux has some yummy strawberry lemonade
i am causing trouble with my partner in cri ame.
I am sitting at the computer eating grapes  it is hailing outside! o: I MISS SUMMER.
OK - i am out of here for now. Just popped in to say Hi and check on things.i will probably head to the guttah later on tonight
wondering what misery looks like  ?   look at the faces of all the cubs fans at miller park tonite. sorry chicago friends. tonights oyour night
it gets worse every year and 2010/2011 will be the worst. oh ,  and 6 months today!
Sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine.
@nyoursedoublek have someone help you with the makeup . . . you gots to go out looking fine  and have another shot
@tooshie Interesting people like you should never be bored ,  Tooshers.
missing my hobo/slut/tramp way of life ,  and cooking for my mother on a satyourday night  MAMA I LUV U
@grovesyrmi08 sorry about it
@kristenhaulser yuppp. I was gonna get it up top but I didn ' t. I will soon ,  but I got 2nd holes instead
i have no idea what i am doing and i am completely lost.
was an international student today  had sooo much fun at sixflags with friends i do not  know well enough!
Work ,  work ,  work and why did I get so tired all of a sudden. @PaulAros  ,  nicole told me you say  ' Hi '  aww she was so enthusiastic  hi paul
@RebeccaNavarro @banditTA00 sorry ,  i am back . .  food was calling my name . . lol . . all is good here  and HI!  ,  sorry I have notsaid sooner lol
Happy Mother is Day MM mums ! ! ! ! hope you all have a lovely day  #mamam
With alex
Today Dan bought me Bio Dome AND the Reality Bites Soundtrack! Needless to say he gets MAYJAH points!  Also ,  my tummy is not happy. Boo.
having a creative party with me ,  myself ,  and moi
gosh! i am freakin '  bored! talk to me!
@TheSpencerSmith i am part of a religion called People-With-Good-Taste-In-Music. We do not  celebrate Jonas Brothers Day.
@NA617_NKOTB LOL you r not a loser u drove 8 hoyours in a day . .  U need rest  of was it 2 days  ?   i am still tired lol
@zouljiin That is the best sticker EVER. Also. I dig your hair. it is gotten long since i have  seen you last.
@TennyDesign Rogrio Minotoyouro will fight now!
@birdsall Sorry about that. I got behind on followers and am still catching up.  I follow folks that @ me (including you
@HuMBush just nothing perfect in life ,  darn it!
Feelin really awful. Having mono sux so much. oh my god  . . . listening to music
@NiecieD Nice idea for a M-I-L gift. Did you crochet it  ?   Good idea about looking online.  There are Youtube videos showing lefty crochet.
Oh ,  as usual ,  I should warn my new followers that I tend to over-tweet dyouring #canucks games. Apologies in advance.
just got back from the Sing It Loud concert // FUCKIN AMAZING
@haldira awww too bad I will not be there - I would entertain the thought of entering
@theDebbyRyan How does it look like a Ninja Tutle  ?  !  xo lol
Yeahh cenare lo mismo qe Rosher! ok ok Roger  wiii
i am hungry. And single.  heading to the golfing range soon.
My blackberry ran out of juice in the middle of the day . . . it was miserable! No twitter or email at my beck and call ,  truly awful
@amyxstftk actually ,  i really do. mostly when i forget to take off my makeup before bed
ugh i wish this school year would go faster so i can move on in life
watching That Thing You Do on Comcast. Missing my boo like crrrrrazy!
@ShebaBaby should be a rebroadcast of last weeks Pacquiao-Hatton fight. do not  plan your night around it.  i have  said too much already.
@MeggieMouse what are you going 40 hoyours with out  ?   i would say my computer or my phone but i did that last week and i didnt care at all . . 
Sinse i had dis thing . . not 1 reply not 1 message. Nuffin! pshh who cares . . i know i am special  X
i had the best day ever! i missed hi am. more tomorrow too
Waiting tables is exhausting! My feet are so sore. Note to self: never become a waitress. Also ,  kudos to George for the awesome tri-tip
i am jumping off the nearest bridge if I can not have it
@Strabismus I try to ignore . . just noticing new M.O. is . I LOVE Sonic drinks. Cherry li ameade mmm
@youSHiNE hey! haha ,  yep! that was me! negative comments get me reallllyyy mad; so i always defend them!  haha!
Arrested in the hotel
76 long and painful miles today.  knees ache.  approaching 50 years is rough. not accepting it well.  3 glasses of draft helped.
We need to ban together and recognize that we are not always going to agree ,  but that is ok  #tcot
I got me a little too much sun today
I was not going to go out tonight but looks likei will be heading over to Main Street
@BeccaChan Happy Birthday!  sorry for the blank one my sister messed me up.
Just talked to @samgrover is cute grandma on the phone.  She only speaks Hindi-not my best language-but somehow we manged
@sharkattack44 i wish there was an i like option (like fb) for things like this
I jus planted a garden in my backyard
lots of decisions to make . . . i need an assistant/cook/nanny/chauffer lol lol but 4 real!
@mbulatao oh no ! ! ! ! i hope it is not too baad ,  tell mya i hope she is gets better soon
@melissa_paige92 AMEN! Clearly ,  if they did know you ,  they wouldn ' t be able to say that! You are WONDERFUL!  I get it too ,  though . . .  sucks
@theclairemarie I can not ,  i am studying so I do not  fail  Come over , i will make u some tortellini or chicken or a chicken salad.
hey everyone ,  whats up  ?   i got another hoyour and a half of work so tell me something you think i wouldnt know . . . this should be a good one
outta the shower ,  too bad justin could not spend the night.  haha
@rafealAnthem http/www.CultyoureShockMag.com  shoutz 2 @DeeJaySchemes the mix on the site is gonna b nervvoouuss
@meli_beli haha yeah u did ,  oh well theres always next yr  chin up princess hehe
@ObviousLB  *  bows *   I try . . . someti ames it is hard
@pageoneresults more seo voodoo  Google has your cache. NOARCHIVE only hides it from users.
@bsweichsel That was like eight years ago. Not so syoure it would happen now
@ki amgoss i been saying that the past 2 weeks that i miss playing spades and drinkin chillin . .  the good old days . .  let me know baby
my teeeeeeeeeeeeeth ,  hyourt a lot. The mall was funnn today ,  i made 10dolla ,  not 15.  better than nothing ,  right  ?  ! HEHE.
Joining facebeek.  What a loser ,  I have no friends   Amy where are you  ?  
@tammytrent  *   * left off the again in the title . . . whoops!
@n_dubbs cyourse you ,  igloo dwellers!!
GREEN DAY IS PERFORMING ON SNL NEXT WEEK!  sorry ,  that made me happy and i am still all ditzy from the Justin Ti amberlake skit is
@_danni haha that is the stupid thing ,  I did and i am still getting them 
i was screaming like a maniac!  But the thing was u could not scream on the ride which sucked the fun out of everything so . . . 
Got caught in the rain. Sand Monsoon all the way home ,  even though i looked like a complete idiot
@CynthiaY29 dr hook  awesome
if you are as lovesick as I am ,  give me a call ,  we should go bowling and complain about love
@saranw Thank you! You should know that I am both happy and sad (all at the same ti ame) to know that. You ' ve got The Right Stuff
hot wings cafe with willyum  mild ,  spicy BBQ ,  cyourly fries . .  delicious!!  http/twitpic.com/4wesr
@webaggression I can only promise about 150 or so.
@aquadj James and I battle over everything too! it is kind of a love-hate relationship
@ninnifyour   Ani amas calls it Combo. Someti ames it works pizza ,  someti ames not. What pump do you use again  ?  
@jlskowro @jennsquared will have to wait on the recipe at Si amply Recipes.  Sorries!
@_writersblock_  i am having a bev by myself too. Someti ames you just have those kind of days and you need to relax
@David_Henrie wat do u mean by killed it  and yes i am syoure lady gaga did do awsome
Hi Everyone miss me much  ?    muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
@mortuaries your tweets are making my night ,  bb girl
I just watched my favorite movie A Walk to Remember it is so romantic and sad i just love it
Why did the Blonde Keep failing her drivers license test--------Everyti ame they stopped ,  she jumped in the back seat.
@mamacapps  Know i am not the only one.  Just harder on me.
DUCKED OFF!i will BE BACK IN GA TOMORROW.
I work all day tomorrow ,  followed by a date with tit is ,  So Jayden and I gave my mom her mother is day gifts at midnight. She cried.
HAPPY MOTHER DAY TO ALL THE MOTHER is IN THE ENTIRE WORLD WE DESERVED A DAY JUST FOR US RIGHT . . . 
@howardlindzon You are such a kiss ass   Looking forward to central ,  mountain and pacific mother is day tweets.  do not  forget about PEI
@profitfu wattup bro ,  hows it going ,  i see ya twitter is kicking butt   JV http/twyourl.nl/ogzbdl
@JoWork oh ,  she gon com back again . . .  . . . .AND YO '  AZZ BETTA MAKE A VID ABOUT YO '  PROM BOY
@Aroundtheus  cheers!! 
@FlyAArmy @aduvall818 @FlyingPhotog @FoxWhisperer - brief interruption- brb. goodnight if i do not  catch u again later. gotta ck something
@_peanut_ Thank you. Now we  will just have to see how long it takes me to finish the damn thing.
@Sparkin1 sorry I missed you at the farm today ,  but DM me if you would like some photos from today
@danielradcliffe snitchsneeker photos were cool -but ,  dang ,  what is up with all the comments about your chest hair - that is just creepy
@agentwill I didn ' t want to tell you but I think it is your body odoyour
tired and didn ' t really have an exciting Satyourday.  oh well ,  hope it is better tomorrow.
@Syreeta306 girl u sit ya double decker neck ass DOWN and talk about ppl who are on your LEVEL and not above
@abbey_marie Stick with me kidd . . . you  will be alright (there is a whole sketchy world out there waiting to be taken advantage of
@JonathanRKnight Going so soon  ?   I was hoping to hear late nite humor from you . . . 
@AubreyODay aw. was not it sad  ?  ! give ginger a little pat on the head for me!  mwah!
@okibi Ah.  I just found it weird because it is my screen name  Name of war and all that jazz
@robincareyyo  . . . you are kickable.
@adriandanganan CLAY AIKEN  ?   GET ME AN AUTOGRAPH!
Aww okayy we  will tell you about it tomorrow then
@arundo_donax is not PUPPY FREAKING ADORABLE!  ?   I didn ' t want to let her go. FUZZYPUPPY.
Apple FAIL. If you set up a new British Mac ,  the dashboard weather widget is for London ,  Canada ,  not the UK one  (Hard to tell too!)
@dredpiraterob poor thing. come watch tv at my house  lol
@TheSpencerSmith hush . . . stop teasing
about to hit the sheets.
listening to the new demo! This song is going to be fantastic once it is done!
09/09 +full moon+ my lovely friends and family= my b-day wish came true3 In addition , gray matters is one of the cutest movies ever!!
this is how we do itttt
Soo Tired. My head hyourts. I Love Andy sooooo much!
@i amfunsizee and jarita i am going home now and i am with two hot guys  drool.
oh my god  ,  ti ame to sleep ,  today was an horror ,  i really hope best weekends  *  --- *  . . Goodnight buddies
OFFICIALLY booked for seattle with @cfine1 and @ebotkin12 it is going to be THE best birthday weekend EVER!  @bradlawrence :you made me sad
I 3 Rupert Grint . . .  . .  of the boy ,  Ive accepted tht I do fancy hi am  But i am certain he doesnt feel the same so it is not worth telling hi am
@LayourenBakarian: i miss you
@ninjapixie83 Sorry for your loss.  I know how you feel.  She or he was a lucky cat.
@LisaBernart Great to meet you! Thanks for the use of your umbrella . . . I hope you ate and got some sleep!
@jti amberlake DAMN YOU KILLED IT ON SNL . . . THAT WAS GOOD STUFF I WAS CRYING W/LAUGHTER @ji ammyfallon broke you i love it
do not  know what to do right now . . . pretty bored ,  but I refuse to study. Any suggestions  ?  
Still feel like craaaap and like everyone on earth needs to know this lol . . .  Have fun birdies
Thank you all for your incredible support and encoyouragement-it means so much!! You constantly bless me  I am thankful for you!!
happy mothers day  going to the zoo . . .  i have to wake up at 90 oh god noo ! ! ! 
@farah_n_pete you do a terrible job of hiding it.
@TiptheMilkman awww  no problem  ,  sorry for tha loss
@hollywoodtv just a question . .  are you guys liek famous or anything   ?   haha and MILEY FOLLOWED YOU LUCKKYY ! i am so jealous
i am.in.the.room i am.watching.the.HANNAHmovie.withMOM.She.said.this.film.very.great.
My legs are so fucking sore. And my feet hyourt to walk. Whataday
@Epic_War_MT i am no longer blue
@AmyPredsfan Oops . . too late.  Already popped in Bridges ,  since I missed most of it on tv.   (I 3 Blair  Jo too!)
@CandyMaize it is ok . . i was kinda feeling ignored anyway  And it is sunday arvo 330pm. Going out for Lunch  WINE!
thanks so much for the discount code. looking forward to trying your pads out
I just single handedly killed 4 flies and a crane fly with my hairbrush!! i am gonna go disinfect it now . . . but bugs beware!!
@citycynic lol ,  as a target employee they forbid me from that place ,  no i usually go in and buy like everything along with commenting
@dailypep i am syoure I will cry at the most unopportunte (spelling  ?  ) moment!!
@prepchik07 p.s.: UV rays are just as strong with clouds as with regular sun ,  someti ames stronger. just FYI.
Filming at a carnival for my music video . . .  It reminds me of the Cherry Festival that I used to go to back home . . .  Ahhh memories . . . 
Going to fold laundry and then hit the sack. I have boring satyourday evenings
@thomasfiss hahaha now your gonna tweet . . .  I awoke to 67 the other night haha Man the concerts here suck. Cali is da place 2 be
Sounds like there is a party up the street.  I guess they forgot to invite me
Just got home from work and tired
@ChaseSanders  if she sees that she will cry! lol
@DawnRichard Awww ,  that is nice.  You both make a really beautiful couple ,  you balance each other.
mmm - home-made pizza (that I helped to make) ,  a home-made cheesecake (to eat soon)  family . . .  a nice day for mother  nanna
Missed Justin on SNL! AGHHH! Just when I started to love hi am again ,  yes it is one of those weeks.
new phone + zero contacts = poo. send me a message with your name so i can save your numbers thanks
definitely OD tired . . but backstagepazz.com is no joke . . i think i want to be a groupie just so i can tell my tale.
i am addicted to home
@slicksean I would love that. And ,  do not  think of it as easy. Think of it as enthusiastic.
Shower is taken. It is in the room right by the bed. Yeasterday we had the shower on the balcony ,  with sea wiew ,  that was a bit nicer
strongly agrees with Jason about Wolverine ,  but not about Hugh Jackman.  Sorry. No kids for this Mouse.
@vautrin tis '  cool . . I still stand by my former proclamation! i am just stubborn that way! #rebellioustwitwhoknowsacoolcatcook lol
Just got home i love stake and shake milkshakes
@kevinpollak  We forgive you and we have missed you!
@kixsal The Star Trek in i amAX was not in 3D ,  but it was huge on the screen.  Still worth watching.
i am so done defending hi am. i am going to bed and i am gonna give my mom a happy mothers day.  at least ill try.
@brabakr    . . . Thank you Mr. President! . . . 
bye daddy!! see you on tuesday
@Britneyspears : For the Record is still the saddest thing to watch. i am gonna go through life like the karate kid . . . and so am I.
I fucking love Alexander William Gaskarth
@suzyqbee He says he feels mama tucking hi am in at night  He is lonely but getting by. Tomorrow will be tough!
@Lozingsleep Damn ,  that charming skater look is kind of . . . HOT! A hot mess  Catherine pls do not  hate me for hitting on your friends. tnx
@elf_princess69 hehehe! Barry Killer! U need a pic
watching the original sabrina the teenage witch movie. so different from the series but so rad
@geneva_rockett i know! And he laughed at the stupid  ' women is right is '  joke. Wth! Glad we have the same humor!
@CHACITY has more followers than me. I wanna be as cool as her. Follow her so that will never happen.
going to sleep now . . . 5/10/09  Happy Mother is Day . . .  . . Happy Birthday to ME ! ! ! 
@shibuya246 yeah ,  but no closer to the secret of stumble.
finding out a song you had no idea was a cover is actually indeed that  . . .  and then thinking that that is awesome makes my day.
@SpicyBev yep ,  it is Mothers Day here as well but me and my family ignore it!  were celebrating it EVERY day  . . .  LOL
So I was just angrily told I was extemely abusive . . . mentally ,  emotionally ,   physically. It made my day.  Nightss.
@aplusk Awww ,  here . . . WAZ UUUUP ! ! !    Seriously ,  glad y ' all had fun.  Too bad my invite got lost in the mail lol. peace. xo
@DonniesGirl69  Yes ,  . . .  I blame you all
Memories
So tired and I have to work till 100 tonight!    Happy mothers day to everyone too  http/tinyyourl.com/qu62bl
Twitter ,  you just fail at life someti ames.  Oh well. http/tinyyourl.com/qkxh7q
@jamie_oliver whats for breaky then ,  russtle something up for my hangover please oyour jamie lmao
lmao i am stupid just felt like sayin tya in my red caf vioce . . nite ya  will
@SirReigns Good luck with the design . . . remember the little people   Heading to bed ,  goodnight!
@oohhMandy it isNIKKITi amE haha . . . shiiit ,  that was Austin o ' brien . . pardon my BAD call!
@twisty7867 i am using paint.net x64 and it is running crazily fast - can not afford CS4 unfortunately . . .  yet
@solangeknowles i am proud of You Solange.
Enjoying the happiness of this special day. Another day that I can make the best one of my life
been high azza bitch all day . . .  was goody . . .  i missed u twitter
@KManCOBHC he has been really brave but this is the best thing to do - now he can rest and get better. Get well soon ,  Alexi
Music soothes the soul . . . 
@sanda86 ummm . .  syoure! i miss ya  will alot too.  i think you know who i meant.
@wolfchild59  heheheheh . . .  lol . . .  I always figyoured he would send them your way if he got any dupes . . .  I felt bad not sending hi am stuff . . . 
@FoOie yea just fun dive . . a bit scary someti ames but fun.  u like diving  ?  
Missing @smartbrain from BKK na.
Happy Mothers Day
@teksone No ,  i am in the US for the weekend not the UK
Waiting for the bus back from cripple creek to pick up the twizzler town seems kinda quiet tonite     *  rolynn719 * 
about to go to my boo is pad
@DirtyLiz it is because we are right
is feeling good . .  kinda tired . .  miss hi am . . .  can not wait for grad this weekend!!
@unitechy wud like to. But I actually have a free weekend this ti ame and family is visiting. so i am staying put. next ti ame
Only just past 8am and already been spoiled rotton
@DaveStyles Haha yes and that is BS! all men lie. show me one who does not andi will marry hi am
off to mothers day brunch with the gang. YAY ! ! ! !! it is not the Zoo ,  but should be just as much fun.
@dangercharlie you are welcome char ,  glad you liked the cake ,  it is pretty si ample you should give it a try
just got back from . . ahem ,  meal#4 . . . was boring but had to eat nonetheless
I am usually more creative on Mother is Day but lately I have not been feeling creative. O.K . .  Good Night.  uh Morning . . . 
@parboo LOL - Birmingham was my 1st love . . .  but it is ti ame to move on!  Good Morning
Star Trek movie: riveting. Soundtrack: superb. Overall experience: fantastic. Alyssa jumping at german shepherd: priceless.
At social.  just saw G-1 . .  Awwww
@juliegoodacre I was thinking of changing it but it is a hassle for everyone who follows us so I get to be Jason
@solangeknowles you are so freaking awesome Solange. Happy mother is day. i wish i had a mom like you . . . sad. blah. but best wishes!
@NikkiBenz i hope so ,  recorded the pit/was game to find out it didnt record . . .  lucky it was not the leafs ,  i woulda lost it by now
aww thats wikid ,  i need to book myne again sooon  miss you to lovely!! i am off ned some brekkie . .  speak soon duddex
@joooo The rest of the week is less than 2.5 hoyours long
just got home! LET US ALL BE CONNECTED WITH GOD ,  CONSTANTLY!
@davecandoit dude that honest to god happens to me all the ti ame . .  minus the trail mix.
In a lazy sunday; just had a very late lunch , and forget to buy PR , we are on page 16
rain drops keep falling on my head . . 
@JayceiiNc i am disgusted as well and baron ,  spelling lessons homie!! haha it is effort and team r u shwasty  ?   shloshed  ?    i love you
@HilzFuld Patience ,  it is worth it
@DespinaCook or least for the firmware upgrade. just buying some ti ame until I get my tax retyourn really
rblpnqte @sheryonstone: sheesh I am sending one up to you @ladypn.  I think you could use it  lol RB DELUX . . .    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z36j
Early morning walkies really are not my thing . . .  at least it is vaguely warm
Just woke up from nap and then ate nasi padang and pisang cokelat
Well twitts I was waiting on a response from @DawnRichard ,  but she is out partying and having a good ti ame , so maybe some other day!
@joooo No ,  but Geek Minds Think Alike.
@dcal44 Been meaning to email you for months. your pre-reunion party must be coming up soon. Really wish I could be there. 140 char soon
uploading photos. ughhhh ,  i have to go to school early tomorrow. fml. but woo excyoursion. i win
Feeling like crap today. Hopefully a nice relaxing swi am will do the trick
Sweet dreams!i am tired  i am so excited I might actually get to golf in the morning! Family tradition!
@asombroso bahahaha. I love Gabriel - absolutely fucking hilarious ! ! ! 
Finally home and exhausted.  Work week is over ,  but I still expect less than 5 hoyours sleep tonight.  Happy Mother is Day! I luv you Mom
and to think that all i have  ever played for is just fun   I suck at marketing and promotion . . 
@guillermop you should.
i am slowly losing followers one by one.
@theaidenash hey hunny bunny ,  what is a weekend  ?   is that like a day off or something  ?  
i have no swine flu! because of the temperatyoure screening here i feel like a cri aminal with my cold.
@paulmwatson not gonna ask what a boom boom is!  morning.
Crap. I have lost the game more ti ames today than any other day in history.  #lostthegame (Blame @meekakitty )
@bluecat7 absolutely tru . . . the horror of it still washes ovr me someti ames if i think  abt the actual last days ,  but the gd memories go on
first ti ame in weeks to see the clear blue sky
Morning all. Up and about and about to wash the car. Remind me; Why did I choose white again  ?    ?    http/bit.ly/Y92Mb
SCENE SLUTS AT 4AM IS ALWAYS THE SHIT
Full ,  thanks for the food Jean  I should have brought that half of the watermelon with me and eat it on the freeway and crash and die.
HaPPy MothErS Day ! ! !  Feliz Dia deLAS MAdres  mine is already in Heaven . .  =( Miss you . . . 
@BrandenHaydon Yes ,  I really do.
@london I miss u like cotton candy  3
This wraps it up. Well ,  again a lesson that you shouldn ' t take nude photos of yourself when you are famous. Or maybe you really should!
@rebelraising Yeah ,  that lying in bed thing is a bugger for blocking creativity  Worse if you are pinned down by a pet cat ,  apparently . . . 
@mcrmy_lisa  . . . one online  ?   Yeah ,  me
Mana - Everything they ' ve ever made since 1986
@yan_ming @affascinare me is gg for summer sch though . .  not attachment . . .  yan can go see the blog. check my msn or ask kinny
@KiwiLucy ahhh  I know who wins the entire thing ,  I TRY to avoid these things but it never works
@Cyourren$y_Spitta Was caught in traffic around the Howlin Wolf for about 30mins. I was wondering WTH was going on . . . .musta been nice!
trying to do a blend. i know ,  i suck at them but there is no harm in trying.
Today I wrote two songs (one for temple which I will probably never perform ever) and one for mothers day. Happy vesak everyone  rena xoxo
2 , 697 views on my FLickr Account . .  Maybe is not much for you . . .   but i am happy   . . .  YAY http/www.flickr.com/photos/bonassin/
@yiannis_k good question  could they  ?  
Hitting the sack now ,  fellow Twitterheads . . . so ,  where are you treating your Mom today  ?  
Just been asked to sing yet again . . . aha. coffee mornin this ti ame. psychology past questionsrevision suck!
can not believe the weekend is over already!  Where does the ti ame go  ?    Had a nice day with the fam. today.  Mum had a good day too.
is working it out allll day long.
Deathstar destroys Starship Enterprice http/bit.ly/2agcTh can not get enough of this video  #starwars #startrek
@Hanster7705 ahhahahaha ARIYAN  i want to listen to that now  i used up bandwidth by downloading a hamish and andy podcast
@ExtremeAnnette I can not seem to find it ,  can you send it to me again please  oh and tag it too lol
@Jae878 oh yes ,  i ave never orderd from there ,  a lil funny at first to do so ,  i will check it oyour ta
looking for my sister on facebook ,  miss you yani
Trying to sleep ,  watching CNN and thinking about todays meeting at work . . . Best Buy 24/7 in my life ,  oh well . .  whatever pays the alcohol
 . . .  sorry GPGMail
@AshantiGirl HELLOOO ! ! !  How are you  ?    ?   Gosh I miss seeing you around. Thought of you last night when I had some amarula
@JoyVBehar Im sorry for that
everybody needs some ti ame on thier own  Guns N Roses x   ?   http/blip.fm/~5z5kz
@greggrunberg just showin some love to ya. and i am really gonna miss Greg Beeman is directing next season. ya  will is commentaries r so funny
@princ3sskrys10 lmao i have  never met anyone who liked caramel this much
@fayewhitaker shame Freud can not follow up on those i amplications
Chris Pine ,  Zachary Quinto ,  and Leonard Ni amoy on SNL tonight was quite possibly the most fun i have  had geeking out in a long ti ame.
@giblahoj Oh! it is not the mothers day in France ,  but in Germany and in the USA that is it
fighting with mum on mothers day
Mmmm Ham  Yummy! I have hat hair . . . Stupid Deli ._.
Strange day  I forget all what i can
@askfrasco ooh  ,   ,   ,  am fine ,  how about ya   ?     ?     ?    I know toooo late  ,   ,   ,  sorry for dat . . . 
my shoes taken off and my slippers put on my feet!
@OhaiGabriella i hate it. it should just be english all day everyday
@AlanCarr Quaver Sandwiches  and tea.
@ficklampa Hehe it is an option if the (advertising) world was not such a mess! So I might in futyoure! We are on same ti ame yes. Lget i dg  ?  
@GabrielSaporta heard you slutted it up! i am totally jealz~ I missed it. Maybe next ti ame!
Stop Everything! Are YOU extremely UNCOOL  I do not  know  ?   IDENTIFY yourself NOW! do not  be shy let me know so I can UNfollow! Thank you
i believe only my black personality can explain how i feel . . .  that boyfrann of mines gots me sprung
Really tired this sunday morning x
@emilyhall92 awww bless hi am  i am indeed coming ,  68 days woooo! are you  ?  
@shortword ah cool yeah i can see that . really handy thanks
Gatorade first thing in the morning = yumyum  feeling shattered but must arise and revise for IT tomorrow.
@Parsnipzilla ohtays ,  it all makes sense now . . .  Cool
need to push diet to last level. Not too good last week lost 1 lb. . Better than a gain
@queetsss thanks babe. I guess I will find the right person one day ,  til then i am better off alone
Oh ,  and i am obviously back on my stupid sleep schedule. Luckily chyourch is not until 2 tomorrow.
I am the empitome of epic fail ,  just you know ,  more epic than fail.
just had the most emo moment too many tears love my family and sorors
@V_KONG Record Grand Prix to skip through later ,  watch Man U game ,  Radio 1  . . .  well sport comes first
@Nicsey Snap! I know that feeling well
Hot showers make everything better  all i need is sumbody to tuck me in. . ugh miss my gramma
Went shopping for sports toyour yesterday with Garley . . .  very very very funny!! Now I need some brunch  And a shower.
si ample greetings from unexpected people can actually lighten oyour mood ,  does not it ever happen to you  ?  
Has finally found her new flat.
nothings really going  *  well *  . . . however cyourrently theres nothing else to look forward to so may aswel make the best of it
@ezrabutler - they have their headaches the morning after ,  instead!
even when we are miles and miles apart; you are still holding all of my heart    4 days until jonas brothers 3d concert experience w/candice
2 days after #all4web  . . . i am still tired
@MiaLotta why do u feel shit  ?   Nerves  ?   I tripped over that plastic telescope at 6:40 am yesty ,  I fell into the wall my head still hyourts
Forgive me good lord for this ti ame I /knew/ wat am I doing . .  Except the mighty oracle just didn ' t  *  @#ing care to fully support UnixODBC.
Today i am lonley girl with a guitar
@sassij Or he is gonna chop you up into tiny bit is - one of the two
@Malarkey ok point taken. i will tell my team to stop oyour cynical championing of standards. Active-X is far better anyway
unfortunately people at work let me down so I am now having a bad morning! it is official . . .  but revenge is a dish best served cold
Just came home from my sister where I spent the night
@si ambaaa @mahi amaaa SORRY! I could not help it.  ' Twas to try and get if on the trending topics.
@coyourtpet oh sweet!i will definitely check it out when I get the chance . . . 
if you hit a car  . .  u should leave a note http/bit.ly/P274B  but yea put whatever u want on the note
Rove Live in 3 mins ,  kinda excited.
@iamhenrymorgan my screen is covered with BLyour  . . .   how is ya day been kiddo   ?  
shower ti ame
Off to see the Tinys ,  thinking thoughts about smiles I caught from the radio  and big daft grin all over my face . . . 
@ElizaPatricia Never met you in person but miss you like hell. That must be your charm . . . 
Basil will be the highlight of my day. i have  just had an old man lectyoure me on the greatness of the Telegraph. What an idiot
my back and legs kill from yesterday and we have a big old leak in the kitchen ,  looks like staying in pjs all day infront of the tv
@nigs Ah so 15 months. i am syoure he is advanced ,  and it is not you being biased  they seem to grow up faster these days - now I sound old!
@scouserach Not today Rach
OOPS I meant 9412tr sorry lol
Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he is still talking to me!  http/tinyyourl.com/dx8as4
@michaelmagical Oh it is dinner ti ame here. still sulking over missing your fillet min    *  sob *  so having tea  toast
@sassyback you were right about karla not the best movie made
Enough already about Wolfram Alpha: The Next Google ,  Or the Next Cuil  ?   http/bit.ly/6HESZ
@leeye yep trying to beat the cold winter. Morning swi am is always refreshing~ good start of day
Finally going to bed after staying up reading the script for Remember Me. So sad but sooo good! Happy Mother is Day to all the Mother is!
@codelust @prolificd caught me at lunch today . . .  you were correct of he stalking me
Dans public transport again and have decided it is just everything north of London that is utter crap these southern trains are alright
Last night ,  bad guys tried to enter in my garden . I was alone and I really got scared. Now ,  i feel really stupid. NOT FUNNY
@dangerjoe hey Mr Danger ! ! ! 
Happy mothers day to those of u that are mothers ,  and happy mothers day to all of your mothers      I miss my mom . . . 
Happy mothers day  ugh sick . . . school tomorrow  watched E!News ,  keeping up with the kardashians and dreamgirls
@digitalpainted oh mann das ist super lustig  du armer . . .  macs age 2 months ,  battery charging NO. garantiefall . . . 
Home from Whitney is. No sleep. Chyourch in a bit. Dangggg . . . i am tired. But it was worth it
Man i hate chyourch. Has to be done though. I like the way it makes other people feel good
Heaps keen for next weekend.     Mummy. 3
@renagades Have a great day . . . . if the rain keeps up I may go swi amming instead of dining here
@Ssisch Hmmm . . .  Sisch  sound design. So when you say soon ,  you mean weeks
@watermelon39 haha! And Twitter! Hard though is not it  ?  !
is heading off to the fair