Got the news
2 days of this month left ,  and I only have 400MB left on my onpeak downloads.
@Bern_morley where are you  ?   In Bris  ?   I can not hear any thunder
bec vs fat food   --- winner = fat food  but not this weeknend ,  ill beat it!
I had a dream about a pretty pretty beach and there was no beach when I woke up
when da heck will the garage man get here I ask you . .  WHEN . . 
Why am I completing facebook quizzes at this ti ame of the morning . . .  especially a friday morning
@Gyourlstrange EpiCentre Wheelock Place ,  250 unit is  for toyourists only. Starting today
@FoFiles aw u can not let me in on the secret!
@freshypanda i am sorry  I do not  think I stick out ,  at least compared to what I used to look like.
is thinking so much and i am at work
my gap year is going so quick
@qi_tah oh no.   *  hugs * 
@justintevya - dude i just saw your SF pics. looks like your mini excyoursion was pretty kick ass! didn ' t see any sun while i was there tho
@heavenjones your supposed to be in BK tho
Oh no!  Nighty night.
@MandyAlwaysKnws nope.  they are all sleeping cuz they live on the east coast.
oh my god  i didnt tweet all that much today . . .   *  sadness * 
@CrazyBallerina Not really sleepy  . . . bored is the right word  . . .  again not much work
@ModelTheany  tee we beefin . . . what was u supposed to do before leavin   ?     ?     ?     ?  
Got home from work @ 9:45 and JUST finished cleaning. Now I need to eat dinner and do not  know what I want!!  Ugh . . . oh well. Might not eat.
Extremly deep
@fiercebanana there is relisting fees when you do not  complete a sale  ?    that sucks!
@astynes Me too.  Wonder if Mnet will show it . . . 
I cant use my blackberry today. This sucks.
lol i cant drink!!
if bill compton has wii ,  why can not he have twitter  ?  
@MyCakesRock  AAAAAAHHHHHHHH  ! ! ! !!  SOOOOOOOO SWEEEEEEET  ! ! !  ! ! !   I miss that age  . . . . SOOOO MUCH !
Just saw a fox!  as i was getting on the freeway . . .  I hope it goes home
recapping on britains got talent. britain seems more talented than america
FINALLY . . . the internet is up. The server is down in Phoenix and it was fucked up.
Math quiz: If Meow =  but Allergies =   then Meow + Allergies =   ?  
@pastorpeterko Hey Peter ,  thanks for the follow. So many Sydney pastors tweet ! ! !  Shame no Bris pastors are on Twitter; we are behind.
aku kbangun gara2 mi ampi @manyolitha ,  very bad dream
So wish the Carlton game was on live  stupid channel 7 lol.
Wow. That hyourt way worse than i thought it would.
No chyourchill downs for me tomorrow
Bahh the police ended the party @ 5!!  Just when i was starting . . . 
@Jordalynn oh my god  you ' ve never seen  ' the Ring '  it is a creppy ass movie
mannnn . . . . @alllyy_ got an iphone ! ! !  i am jealous . . . 
Josh just called me a big bucket of ugly  wish me luck for my audition tweets!
@futyoure_perfect i am trying to self learn photoshop but it is not going so well!
@desdoulas Ya ,  the weather has been super weird here. It looked like it was gonna rain today but of coyourse it didn ' t ,  darnitt , 
FUCK wasting deodorant . . .  i aint goin no where . . .  i aint havin company  let me funk it to ya!
OUCH! my earphones just shocked me
Bah I do not  think @bing is FB fan page will get to 7500
it is fucking cold here north now! It was like 77 DF yesterday where I was ,  here it is 37 , 4
Dogs eyes seem bad. Just forked out on new washing machine so why not a vets bill to top it off eh  ?  !  ?  !
@movewithme lol ik they are ,  but i figyoure i have  kept it for a year+ without needing virus software or to get it fixed  sigh
Where is my bestie when i need hi am @iAmcertiPHIed
Summer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http/tinyyourl.com/mnrezc . . .  I still can not believe they will not renew TSCC
@FriendlyFetus cause they changed man . . . 
My Pandora is hitten hard ,  why can not real radio play great music like this
Where are all you Motivated/Determined/wannabe sexy successful young professionals!  ?    ?  ! I might really have to join a BNI if there is no1!
@hudaaaa eeeeeeeeeeeeee i jealous sia i didnt get to seee
arrrgh. i am bored. so bored. there is nothing to do except slouch at the computer all day long.
@mandy2610 and @esko yea ,  just confirmed that this game indeed is already patched . . .   LOL guess you  will have to help me tomorrow 
Gonna go watch Shorty Street  then prison break marathon then bed maybe. Nobodies texting me!
gonna dream about my prince charming tonight ,  n see if everything goes back to normal. I really hope so   3
wow i have no friends on twitter
@Katarinea Oh wow  ouch . . . 
@ruthchu wat the! you were in riverside  ?    ?  
@sydthekid why are you sad  ?  !
@niccoqp I miss going to EK every summer  christmas vaca  Take me there!
they shot hi am  he was still alive too . . . 
@runhipporun just took the Terminator trilogy :-D but what I need is actually TV series and I still can not find anything tempting
Oops ,  they do not  open until 9am
@valdivia1 what about me  ?  
NOOOOO! serena and darrian do not  remember each other ,  and i have  been waiting all day to see them confess their love
@bskeete87 THEN Y R U LEAVN   ?     ?     ?     ?   STAY!  ?  
@destinyeyes i am sorry! lol i have never had ,  like ,  actual ti ame to spend there unfortunately. everything is always been INSANE when i go
@Potato_Chip That is right! I totally forgot. Might not be till August ,  though    Have a great summer!!
I was awake until 12:45am then my mum tyourned the internet off so i couldnt watch the @jonasbrothers live chat i was ccrying i was sad
   ?     ?     ?   -  ?    ?     ?   youtube   ?      ?     ?     ?     ?  
@mzstokes No twitpic  ?    lol
@DSTROYR @RockDaMullet awwww i have no internet right now . . .   -drummer boi
Bing! no it is not Chandler Bing ,  it is the new Search engine from Microsoft http/tinyyourl.com/mgcotd  . . but why the name Bing
aw got orthodontist today
my cheeeks hyourt so bad. what happened!  ?  
@ki am_flores aww i do not ! i guess that is why it doesnt  (blackberrymessenger)
looks like my ION-based mini-itx board will not ship until mid-June now at the earliest
Headache from last night has morphed in to a hangover  and now it is ti ame to drive down the motorway . . .  to Wolverhampton (WHY OH WHY  ?  !)
Fun game of  ' Candamir '  with the kids last night. can not believe it is now oyour last day
Getting rather annoyed at my notebook. I know it is old and has got wrinkles but it is never been this slow before
@_C_A_S_ i am MAD IT WASNT SCAREY
@deezeen I know ,  pero available na yata eh. Sa Singapore ,  though!
feeling so dizzy right now
@ZDAEfron and @hudgensness why are u two fighting.
I thought that there was going to be another Def Jam Fighting game ,  but then it tyourned out to be crappy karaoke game. I miss the fighting
@Maccah Red  ?   wtf happened to dark blue + black stripes  ?  
my stupid msn wont sign in
Ship. i am stuck.
blast from the mofo ' ing past. NTS why must you suck so badly at school  ?  
wowza ,  only the second tweet of my entire trip and i leave in 3 days   but first - BLOW UP SF TOMORROW NIGHT!
@serenetan Is it  ?   Wah. Wasted trip!
Lots of confusions i have  at my work place . . 
i am a genius  put rug in washing machine ,  left folding door half open ,  machine moved now door will not close or open. shaking head.
@absolutelytrue  #nightshift i am still working  luckily having fun with it. I can tyourn the music up when no one else is in the office. yay
@Emsy Yeah ,  mine said That is a nice pictyoure  gave me the red x!  Hope you get it working soon!
 . . .  A kidney stone. Really  ?    ?   Ugh  http/tinyyourl.com/qsw9vq
@jlynn242001 your there when i am not  lol
@AmandaSevasti Ugh ,  frustrating. I see a few briefs a week with groups in them ,  mostly from traditional agencies.
@BrandyWandLover Oh I see who u mean now-tht heltershelter person lol. yer looks scary
WTF  ?   Advertising gone mad ,  they want access to my  camera and microphone  ?   What for  ?   Amazon should really know better  http/bit.ly/5FoKQ
i hate it when a website says the ticket prices are on another website and their not
alice does not know what to wear to the cinema  3
I do not  think I am going to get to see any of the sun today  gutted I NEED COLOyour!
wow i must have been tired. i fell asleep @ exactly the start of the 10pm news  now up as if it is 8am.
oh my god  My sister got my brother a Jonas Brother look-a-like trenchcoat and i am like JONAS STYLE and they told me to shutup no1 likes them
i am going to bed  . . . it is weird the 1st ti ame in a long ti ame . .  He didn ' t call and say goodnight   . . .  i ama lil cyourious
http/twitpic.com/665to Less than 24 hoyours till the show! Oh and Lee broke his guitar at practice    http/twitpic.com/660vv
So it is Friday . . .  I have to keep reminding myself since every day seems the same
i want to go to singapore but my mother seems not
Owww i am aching alll over!!
yay it is friday . . .  hold on I have to work tomorrow
umm . . . why will it not let me change my background  ?  ! i am twitter-challenged.
@roninreckless dude you didn ' t even say bye
@paper_hand Oops! I completely forgot!
@thatlass he was a very tallented man so it is fitting wish I was closer to see it myself
Devastated , set alarm for 9.30 , forgot to tyourn 7.30 alarm off got up at 7.30 and showered thinking it was 9.30 , I am a full fool
falling asleep and waking to gun shots arent fun
Back at work . . . .too much email in my inbox . . . 
oh men . . not in the mood i will go home tomorrow . . wanna be w/ my family . . it is my birthday
@TylerHarrell do you really smoke   ?     ?     ?   
Ok ,  ahhh! Last chance to go into school before chemistry exam!!
Sooo tired i cant believe it is already dark outside i didnt even get to see the day
@dougiemcfly Aint the UK fans your fav people!  ?  
Is up and I can not go to sleep!
@bbyowls i cant afford it  go to school here   ?   !!
@FannyAddams Aw you named your car ,  that is very sweet. i am sorry to hear that Petey has to go ,  I hope you find a really posh rollerskate.
Oh my gosh! My hair is so short! I miss my long hair!
I almost say bless you to a sneezing cat
#3breakupwords you have changed
@beautifulpyre GRR. we are only allowed gas grills where i live ,  it sucks.
what is wrong with people  ?   Second break-in at Wallmans tonight
@Phoebo oh poor you  atleast get paid for staying back or  ?  
@TerrenceJ106 Here! Got a 2JOBs a degree ,  but my damn car DIED so @lamborghinibow just made me feel shitty bout not havin a car!
@Scrambledmegs haha i love syourprises! i do not  work til sunday tho so i have to wait.
@wilw wtf pogs are back too  ?  
@ELJmcfly I do not  think any of what i just said it true ,  i just had a rant about mcfly ,  i cant belive i did that  i feel ashamed
yea dude . . .  5 ' 8! really!  ?  
@iSpyLevis nooooooooo i just got into my pyjamas!
@liedra Bubble tea is awesome ,  it is been so long since i have  had some
what a lovely summery morning! Shame I have to be in work ! ! ! !
@halina1979 what sun  ?  
can not believe he has to wait till October to see Up! when Americans get to see it this weekend.
@sebchew YoYo door nazis refused me entry on account of no ID  gutted! Heard it was a good night tho . .  Next ti amei will come prepared!
Wow one year today Luc Boyourdon was killed ,  does not seem that long ago
@swpave    ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?  
i thought it was already winter. tyourns out winter has even started
Not ah huge fan of getting up in the middle of the night to change peed sheets and underpants.
huh  ?   it is 1 am already  ?   shucks
Arghhh . . . my korean dvd can not see . . I need to laugh . . 
@amberndragt  There is not any right now. They need to make more. Sorry.
Is too much of a bro
@davidmarkscott another letter for you - this one car insyourance - ouch
I can not believe how fast this week has gone by
@jesssicababesss really  ?   cuz KC.com said it was releasd 24/4 here n the main station does not even hav it
@oOogabriela wat u doin my bad i am mixin this song
@atlprincess  ' erocka the ruler '  i called you ,  but i see i gets the no love   whats up with that  ?  
@ncremins Wednesday  ?   you are joking me  ?   that soon   ?     ?     ?     when is the partaaaaaaay  ?  
@MAVinBKK it feels like ages away! More than 5 months
sleeping . . .  would ' ve been home sooner but we accidentally killed bambi on the way home
Woke up and there was sun! And then it started to rain
Uuu ,  am din nou PR 4. Yeey ,  my epenis is now bigger!  . . .   . . .   . . . 
@k_tron oh god ,  whose tire  ?  
has just booked her appointment to give blood 18:20pm 2nd June! Scared
getting dressed to go to Granny is , another day of now twitting
just reached for her plate to get another bit of toast and realised id eaten it all  not a nice feeling
geez why do u have to be SO obvious  ?  
i messed up my back/hip. it hyourts so bad
@jolynnchew so early  ?    ?  
@vmysterrr are you serious!  ?   that bloooooows
Going to bed . . . going back to Korea tomorrow
@LivLaughLove7 u didn ' t hit me up
@helga_hansen Darn - I just realised pull the other one would have been a  *  far *  better response to your name suggestion
still can not believe all of the gig posters in the Little Civic have been taken down!  ?  
@stvwrnr i can not believe it . . . 
Rather jealous of my football club who have all gone to Portugal on toyour today. they are  even playing a Sporting Lisbon veterans side.
Had to cancel subscriptions today to NZZ and Economist at office  #costsavings Luckily they also have online versions
@xC_A_Tx lol i havent watched it yet . .   congrats!
http/twitpic.com/667g1 - Marshmellows + muffins = fail  They all bubbled and then evaporated leaving big holes! heh still taste alri  . . . 
@SmileDaily I wish I was getting pancakes  booooooooo
By the ti ame we got back up to grizzly peak with cameras to captyoure the sea of fog we were above ,  it already engulfed everything
ucler ! ! !  I got 2 big ones in my mouth
I am horrible at appraising peer work. What are these Americans thinking when they compose poems  ?   Or maybe I am the one with the problem.
@ManaMoose I can not believe you went and got boba without me.
@Rilgon ahh seen a few of those drop ,  but I just tossed them thinking it was a once only tyourn in
@vibzfabz Hey ,  you change your twitter account ,  and you didn ' t even tell me . . . 
@iszi_lawrence did you forget something this morning  ?   you nearly ran me over at the bottom of the hill!  it is very very warm in the shop! x
why am i awake  ?  
Endlessly fascinated by the dual engine monitor in this cab. Then it reminds me of #sustainability fail . Sorry next gen.
oh my god . cat had a hairball. awake now.
Omigoodness I feel like a popsicle
@AriannaHalshaw Oh no
so dyouring that whole whole addiction talk with my brother and that lady . . . i broke down and couldnt help but cry
damjust finished watching Prison Break: the final break . . . oh my god  i dont think i have  cried so hard for a show . . Finally understand the finale
if someone had ' ve told me things would get this hard . . i would never have done it
oh my god  ,  it is JULY is LAST DAY!
oh my god  ,  it is JULY is LAST DAY!  @ Muchachomalo
@pntbtrkisses WHAT! That is horrible! To pyourposely write about it to a bunny is just mean  cruel!    Not to mention just plain tacky . . . 
Getting stressed over a sortie tomorrow. And like I am really really stress . . 
sadly  brother told me there are no skateparks where he lives. BUMMER!
i do not  understand the whole follow friday thing  ?  
why am i up so early
@dilyaela nope not really only a sweatshirt.  oh and these really really awesome doughnuts haha
The sun has gone in!
i hate the fact that it is so nice outsidee ,  and i am inside doing revisionn
Just got refused a bottle of morgan is in tesco despite saying helen could verify my age . . .   shocking . . .  Just left all the shopping! X
@Fnoo was like that last night as well man. somebody didn ' t make it in ti ame to the 30p loos
@trixie360 trivia  ?   Working ,  no computer!
Acquiring a CentOS live CD ,  now where did I put my memory stick ,  I would like to boot from that. I wonder if I left it at home
@calvin141170 If it is any consolation i have  had to abandon the back garden thanks to my super-reflective laptop screen
@sengming learning tat the scenic way  din plan to go town but somehow was herded there  ?  
@bronte_sayourus Oh. Hrmmm in that case I have no idea. And I only just realised you are talking about THAT bike! Solly
oh my god  it is so gross out. no  relays tonight!
@DexterAddict Aw   *  hugs *  Sorry man.  If I were rich I would buy u a ticket NOW!
Fighting a sore throat . .  Few more days hard training then rest next week for Sunday race . .  Oooohhh sun is out . . .  Nope . .  Gone . . . 
Just had my hair cut it looks like shit
Yay! Power = on! Phone = charged. it is hot
Oh. Seems the playable Joker PS3 exclusivity on Arkham Asylum is much bigger than thought.
I thought there was more Fanta in my can than there was
Job   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?     Not so much.
@sideone yeah ,  I much prefer tweetdeck but if you must have multiple accounts
Almost showti ame in Osaka.  Oyour last night here in Japan  I will miss youuuu
@Dublins98Dave @doneganland has tickets . . .  . . .   ?  
Ugh RUDE! . . 
following people around ,  though there are so many . .  where are the webdesign twitters!
Why can not I buy the Nokia N97  ?  !  ?   Amazon says cannot ship to this address.
it is Friday and sun is shining and it is quite warm already ,  Just walked the dog ,  He is so freaky  hyper
NO! Oyour TV is busted  The screen tyourned white for about a nanosecond while it made a quick popping sound.
dev.java.net : the slowest website
@iamepiclyamazin bahah. but . . . nick . . 
@Andre_Mitchell i have  never been to the opera before . . . do not  think that was me
has a headache already  ?    boo
i have sore throat. that is suck.
will be attending CIC is parents '  orientation tomorrow . . . need to wake up early
i am making a logo on photoshop  it didn ' t work out . .   hehe . .  try again lah . . 
it is raining again
MIffed to discover that I only own De La Soul is Stakes Is High on cassette! And iTunes/Amazon do not  sell a digital copy
@jaspercullen I would think you would want to follow me.
Going to work.  Could use some happy pills
What!  ?  !
does not know hot twitter works
@operationkiwi Ooo . . . sounds great! hope the weather does stay nice.  re: hot water bottle ,  was just thinking how BAD it would be to leak
why did last.fm wanted money from me to listen to my radios
@dhewlett Well thats disappointing to hear.
@dsfq Definitely grass cutting   Cole has committed hi amself to stacking wood for oyour neighbor as well. Past 2 days set is back too far.
@si amoncollister I moved in with the other half ,  so no balcony anymore  Have got a great mini-herb garden on window sill though! you  ?  
@alexalgebra Unfortunately ,  that is how it usually goes.  In answer to yesterday . . . i am okay. Things may be looking up. Miss talking to you.
really cant be bothered going to work tonigh ,  it is too nice to be stuck inside
@sallyinnorfolk I have to spend lots of  oyour money on a new boiler . . . great ! ! !  Not so lucky hey
@asheleybg That is actually not too far from the truth
@MiaOMal i am not partying tonight
@bex_1210 holy crap ,  I need to see that! Too bad I gotta wait until tomorrow
gutted - the handbag I wanted has been sold!
@jj1814 WOMAN ,  I didn ' t know you came home  you so suck ! ! !  When are you going back!
Woke up to the sound of my neighbor getting a new roof
@MoosejawMadness You arent following me ,  so i cant send you a DM . . 
@chelleis Whoa man ,  now THAT was a great one. I went to Heaven for 5 seconds. U know why lah but pls shhh. LOL. So sorry u weren not there!
@hollyneufeld i found a few a couple of weeks ago.    i spazzed and then pulled them all out ,  so life is back to normal ,  lol.
@lynnisnotgay tsk baddie. i amissmonkeh today
jake thomas looks so precious : ' ( i hate when they say there it is i see the white light in every ghost whisperer show
Damnation. I just woke up.
@beamatti Ayy.  Okayyy. It was nice seeing you kanina ! : I like your hair. :
One load of washing put away ,  and another load on. Amazing how the house does not look any better for all my efforts
yeah them men love them blowjobs -something you never want to hear your grandma say over breakfast talkin about charles barkley
says ptoyour2 tom.  hello school again. shit! http/plyourk.com/p/x15fh
@swingsandpretty tip 2 : at the very least make syoure the bottle top is on secyourely and tightly . . . 
Oh man sold out  had to step away from my desk for 10 min! @theaskanison you were right
@PirateEric When I read that ,  my first thought was using CastT() as a status symbol
@luzy_artillero Hahaha. Sana someone is selling the full version of Coding Workshop Photo Recovery Wizard CD! Demo mode lang eh
I just found out that one of my friends ,  someone who I use to talk to all the ti ame who has disappeared is blocking me from Flickr.
back to my office.  the fire alarm went off due to someone byournt food in microwave
Twitter seriously ,  SERIOUSLY dropped the ball here with my RoxieRavenclaw account. i am so mad and sad about this.
it is 11:05 and i am already on my lunch break
so i am dogsitting at my friends house and her cleaning lady came this morning. and she told me i looked like i was 18.  man. growing younge
@Twyst The devil you say!  i have  been waiting for the Black Widow in movies and now she will not be awesome at all.
@Samtagious DAMN! a mass unfollowing and i didnt get the invite! i am bummed now
is waiting for the estate agent to do valuation. oh joy.  *  sigh *  i need to be in the funhouse  pink baby come back ! ! ! !
wow ,  EMC is new site is - different
@PETAEyourope oh my god !! that is tragic!
sooo cloooseee
The NVIDIA ION-based Lenovo IdeaPad S12 (  http/is.gd/J6Zy ) is awesome.  Fn key to left of Ctrl makes it non-starter for me though
Notion video deleted.
Pshh i dont have it
@blondebear87 ah yes dropping the bear thing  it is such a lovely day here! Very odd for stafford!!
@theguigirl i am afraid not much  I just realized the true difficulty of this design. I may cry soon. #idmfinal
my best friends bought something which i really want.
@pangwingyin OHMIGOD ,  I would have loved that. Alas ,  there was just lots of gun play. No dancing
@dahveed76 Um your latest tweet sounds like something bad has gone down.
@MeriDubs whaaat. I still have next week
@mynameisgay You are so lucky you get to travel.
Someti ames I wish I had my own Prototype mentor.
My chick wont shut up  Will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
@skyladawn Exactly. She becomes completely incapable of anything unless he is there helping her. Too many of those are out there.
Oh man ,  there are dead deer everywhere in michigan.
@NHL10 I was hoping for a better trailer
PEOPLE ! ! !  wat the hell is a follower on twitter   ?     ?     ?     ?   I DONT GET IT ! ! ! 
@Yampolito That will make things fair. My poor Tiger has no claws or nutz
@musical_musings Good morning!  It is raining here
@Abougu I didn ' t see this until after
Up early. Knee throbbing. Maker Faire 99 % out now. Possibly Califyour too. Same torn ligament as before I think. No insyourance tho.
@cashbingo - I read that as follows: i am a what  ?  ! What would I do  ?   Yes ,  she is rather si ample. I miss you dicks too . . .    
My mom just texted me and told me that Rodney was chasing fireflies in their backyard. Awwwww i am miss hi am    http/twitpic.com/66pn1
   ?     ?     ?    weekend standby duty   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    ?  
@JinxCat What  ?   I was being serious.
Energy steadily increasing ,  thankfully ,  but the cough is not going away.
@cindyandcindy u never told me abt your date  . . .  who is the lucky guy i am so out of the loop
@ringqvist juice! I miss juice ,  any fruit
@tommcfly Is it true that you love brazil more than australia  nitey
heading down to beach! still no fone . . . woo!
@gladieator  got my hair rebonded at some korean place. dude! my hair is f ' in fried! cut 5 already  . . .  now just chopping it off ! ! ! 
Cant fall asleep.
@lipstickmasala What  ?  ! He chose one of them  ?   Nooo . . .  Betty was supposed to get hi am in the end.
just waking up . . . ahh i have a headache
@AskAroundOttawa it is annoying bc my hair products do not  have perfume ,  but smell like the ingredients in them
BREAKING NEWS: GM shares are cyourrently trading below $1.00 at only $.88 per share!!
does not think @polo65th will be following me . . . 
I sunbyournt through factor 30
@damgedpeople   XDXDXD you crazy little thing why didnt you get off the train and hug me   ?     ?     ?     ?  
@si amonwilder I want to play
@zyourplemoon  i am sorry . . . .deep breaths ,  I started a program called panicaway . . . it has worked wonders.
now there is a fly in my room
Geoff posted a boo: Coming Home From Tenerife Boo  http/boo.fm/b25651
i am not going to my dads tonight  ! ! ! !! and hes got a 12 foot pool  he has to tell me that hes got things when i am not going TWAT !!
Final thought for the day ,  does deodorant really make your lungs bleed when inhaled constantly  ?   Certain females paranoid about BO
@Shikha_M didnt get it clear
Oh MAN !! I was going to connect my old school Nintendo to play mario games. And is not in the bag I gotta search for it.
Argh ,  I can not avoid spelling bee spoilers anywhere! Now I know the winning speller and word before having actually watched the bee.
@captaincarrott  you are mean to me. You are gonna have to have pizza tonight or it will go off.
http/www.bodybuilding.com/fun/richardchan.htm OMFG this dude looks well  ' ard! He puts me to shame . . . 
@epiphanygirl  When are you coming to Indianapolis  !  ?  !  ?  
Wow that was fast . . . next up Soderling or Ferrer. Gilles Si amon lost
Off to Dollarama -- I wish I had a new job
Took the cutest pics of Andy yesterday. But I do not  have them.  Used my bro is fancy DSLR  didn ' t have ti ame to upload them. I want my own!
Scott is leaving now
@dwsomers samee well i aint a man i am a girl obv nd i am 14 lol   i aint no1 special or not famous or rich  wish to be tho
@BetterisLittle when it rains it poyours - how true is that  ?   i am so sorry  I hate those kinda ti ames.
@bonnieguthrie why  ?  !!  ?  
@gipsy_dreamer Wow ,  you still have notgotten them  ?  
@stacyshow gangstarr exgirl to the next girl ,  nas one mic ,  hold on i still can not listen so i guess it dont matter
Officially out of my apt  Learned some stuff about the crazy neighbors that used to live across the hall . . . scary!
Oh no! My kindergarten teacher died  Mrs. Collinson always remembered every student she ever had. Loved that lady.
The chicken noodle soup I made for lunch to feel better just byourned my tongue . . . not a good day.
gogowww how come we can not have deals like that from Houston  ?  
I dont think he is ganna text me.
My poor heather ,  she didnt make the cheerleading squad. i am sorry babygirl. Maybe next year
On the way back to dublin oh my god  didnt hit the bed until 530  so i am so sleepy   but once again on the road back to good ole  dublin   . . . 
OK ,  my boo-boo: Daddy took his dental bridge-front tooth- out and forgot it on the table.  Uh-Oh ,  shiney plastic for me to chew! I sawwy
@channisaulfah Not even better than Kapsel cha  Dy nulis notes  ?   Spertinya gw ga ditag cuz g ada notificationnya . . .  Huhu.
@Grafitti amySoul Hell if I know. @callunax i am suffering
@Fazenastynas no  and i remember that one too! shit was so fun. i got aladdin! - TOO fun oh my god . now i wanna play
holy crap. where did all my ti ame go  ?   =/ gta4 has sucked away my life . .  and wasted a whole week!  . . . i wish i had more self control
@alenadoma apparently a looong ti ame seeing as they seem to be everywhere except LA
http/twitpic.com/66sls - @megelin and I just saw this monster dog in the park
ok so my appointment WAS at 12pm why am I still waiting 2 get my hair done. Wish everyone know the meaning of on ti ame. I was here early 2
AHHHH! Cant find anything because I have way too much open
Hi ya twitt is . . so leaving sat morning here in TX . . sad  I guess gotta really find a job now . . if anyone in Atlanta needs a great designer . . 
Yesterday I heard a song about taking a base onto a plane. Can someone help me find it  ?   I do not  know anything else about it.
@catashton I got my film developed at asda ,  half of them are just gray!! And some have a black box on the top half  why  ?  
TGIF Resto here at home is dayuummm expensive!
i cant believe this woman talked me into getting a different hairstyle . . . real talk though . . . i have no clue of what to do with my hair
Wishing I could be in NOLA this weekend  oh well , i will be there Tuesday!
i am going to go to bed again ,  ear (both) infection ,  I am completely dizzy ,  yyyyuck! My stomach is hyourting too  Peace-out loves
I made it six days in a row w/out an accident in the house and then pops took me to a strange place and didn ' t give me ti ame after b-fast
If I unfollowed you - it is NOT on pyourpose. Something fishy is going on with my Tweet Deck !! Let me know if I unfollowed you.
Is there ever going to be another production of The Last 5 Years in NY   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?    I still have notseen it
What a dreary day in LA. Where did all oyour sunshine go  ?  
Take that back on the cast . . . one dropped last night!
@AngelIbarra @ZombieNicholas DUBLIN TOMORROW!! Cant wait . .  hope ye are excited  Been over a year since last ti ame
@LenaAlli i dont even know now lenaaa  when you going clothes show  ?  
@lovessunflowers Oh no! Dead muffins  . . .  how sad
@JCinQC it is far from downtown ,  30-40 minutes or so  and they do have veggie byourgers
hangover today
sucks that i do not  have a drawing tablet!
@francecino it is alright babes  boo. i am gonna leave agaiiiiin
slept for almost 11 hoyours straight and still tired ! better not be getting sick
a guy called me AD-HD kid earlier today ,  and that hyourts
Anybody seen @MissPlush   ?     ?     ?    Where is my Twinster
What a day! #dayofservice completed ,  and now aching all over! Clearing trees around a beautiful lake. Splitting headache now tho
Whoops - I got sunbyournt
@kadders Aw  it was actually what I read at first
@lpostlethwaite no I wish. Just a van that comes round. We missed hi am
@jamie_oliver damn i got it right! i suppose i took to long to reply  lol
@RachelSexton FRUITY PEBBLES  ?  ! What  ?   Over Lucky Charms
@officialTila cant believe tila tequila was in ct and i didnt know . . .  so upset
@Mcfreak_ oh i read that
@RoiNikki it is a lie just like the restaraunt named Garfields . . .  he is nowhere to be found
and because I was not having a bad enough ti ame last night my body decided it wanted to be sick
@BiGVien Like double posting on twitter  ?      lol.  Not me ,  I do not  take anything.
@tommcfly i am running out of things to say ,  and i am starting to think you  will hate me for flooding your inbox with Philippines toyour  ?  
@kingstonpaul Damn! I wish I were going! Found out too late to get wranglers for my kids and @bobalert.  I miss #mountainjam every year!
@30SECONDSTOMARS ohoh i missed all your tweets  i am gonna have to stay awake all night to see the announcement now ,  damn ti ame difference
@jasminepotts hahahaa i was sitting outside from 2-4 and then came in for a bit haha was out a while ago but dads cutting the grass now
thanks iPhone ,  you kept me up till 1 am. Asshole.
wow we r watching the outsiders  smelly english.
@sparklej man i cant go on sunday cause i am helping out all day at the piano recital. this sucks
@Ceadda say it is not so!
@tinchystryder  . .  Eh  . .  have u never heard of Belfast . .   ?   Where like EVERYONE loves you!  ?  !
thinks revising in the garden from 8 this morning without sunscreen isnt the best idea ive had  oucccccccch
@marginatasnaily the wives aunts 40th
No more Mtn. Dew in mini-fridge.
@caitdog13 lucky! been beggin for jyoury duty for years . . . they dont ever send me notices! just notices for other people to my address!
@lynstephaniewoo yes! sober HAHAHA tanghaling tapat dude! haha WILD. i do not  knowwww  plan plan  before you go to US!
Akh! I woke up and missed so much of Sayed Hassan is speech
@tyourhangross Wow! Some person u are!
Playing hooky from work again so we can go see UP. I hope we get along.
There is a sadness in the air at school  but I got two awards!!
@twilightgossip sad about young love coming to an end  They were sooo cute together!
gah! didn ' t realize my meeting was from 9-12
@electra126 As long as you take me with you
Sitting next to a man with a Kindle II . . . I do not  know if i have  ever been this jealous
@honytawk why do we need to wait another year for toy story 3  ?  !
@HerDesign no one I know likes boiled peanuts t.
@Beaker1982 Not yet.   Did you  ?  
@layourengotgiftz o_O thats cool. Dang ,  iHave to clean my room now  lol ,  but good luck w/those jobs gyourl
Making my boyfriend look different.  He is  cute no matter what. 3
Must. get. up.
why did I ever delete my twitter  ?  
@RodrigoVaca I agree. Everybody would ' ve been excited and then it goes . . .  ohhhh nooooo . . . . MS screws up again . . 
@twobdesired I did wake up but i appear to have missed you by not much!
@fattonyrap i am just a couple bus stops away from an LC ,  but I didn ' t realize that until about a month or so ago
oh my god  . . . the heater in my room has been on all day while i was at school  now it is boiling
@brandyinboise How did you swing those  ?   We didn ' t get that close.
I think I juz missed my last bus   . .  Need to walk home sia - http/tweet.sg
Oh ,  ouch. That hyourt.  Damn washing machine is out to get me!  .    .
The pool doesnt open til tomorrow!
The young lady in the local Chinese taking orders is ,  it has to be said ,  very cute indeed. Pity i am probably twice her age
@kennyblak We wasnt invited to yall get togethers either! Then @tnlos and @josmoke was playin secyourity and told us to be quiet!!
@scythianmusic PLEASE come to Minneapolis/St. Paul area ! ! ! ! I looked on your schedule but I do not  see anything close anyti ame soon.
@peterloggins  . . .  schedule says 100 class  ?   I will be late for 10  #campjitterbug
I work in one hoyour
@loldarian oh ok  I guess next ti ame then!
@katyb_ haha tell me about. i have  had this feeling everyday of this week
The comp deleted half my apps
@cassendraaa YES QUITE HOT WHAT. and ya la gays are the in thing.
Well done doing blood work . . it is hot out again
broke my gorilla pod  and I think one Lego Knight lost his helmet
wants this summer to actually have some sun in it
@Ferarro Is that why your blog is set to private  ?  
oh my god  ,  my right hear us blocked and it is so annoying. what i i wake up deaf  ?  
@that_kat why not  ?    ?   x
@natalietran hey Nat ,  just wondering ,  why are your videos never available on the iPhone  ?  
@mawbooks I want a copy to read! I can not find it at my little library.  #bea09
@cocodkr the vid-link is not working  but snatched some people to follow off your list 
Ugh it is really hot today already and it is not even noon yet  i want ice water!
@awaisnaseer I had mailed @badar76 for something ,  you got the e-mail ,  I didn ' t which should probly mean I will not get it
can not believe i am spending my lunch break inside @ my desk
Why does not McDonald is make PINEAPPLE pies  ?  
@MetromixOrlando ok cause the one  S orange is still open. Whew ,  you just scared me. Sorry the one by you closed
just woke up to a flat tire
Awww NOOO ,  not my Venus        Will redemption come in doubles  ?  
@tealshocked thats because i am getting a new phone since my other phone dont work at all
is at the beach watching Xmen Origins and drinking orange juice with no pulp
@jyoury323 ommg gyourll why are not u going how sad
@crystaaale dude ,  that is eff ' ed up. LOL @ chris browning you. We live so far apart and i am afraid to fly
@awaisnaseer I mailed @badar76 for some help ,  you got reply right now from hi am ,  I didn ' t get ,  which should probly mean I will not get it
@jerwjr Yes.  Me too. I can not understand why they have to do that. I mean ,  I know it is all about Hollywood ,  but this thing is called love.
@LadyLogan awwwwww i wish her to be safe while shes gone n hugs to u must of been hard to say goodbye
where did the rain go  ?    ?  
Dance Flick actually NOT that good!
Chinese Lunch Buffet: $4.50 - Add a soda $1.25 - Noticing the Health Inspection score of 81 as I walk out with my bag ,  Priceless  . . . .
BTW ,  for the record ,  can I just say I have waaay too many clothes.  While packing ,  found a green boa  a 22 velvet and black corset.
Wired mag needs to seriously chill out. I just renewed barely 3 months ago ,  yet they ' ve already sent me 5 renewal letters for next year!
@nick_carter ah nick youve set the vid to private  do you not want everyone 2 see it or has it been a mistake  ?  
@duncangela I tried sooooo hard to work from home today ,  but failed  Not my fault though.
@yoha_ahoy yeah I really want one too!  Probably in the winter I may be able to get one ,  but until then.
just got back from the BBQ ,  i got sunbyourn on my legs ,  well sore
Ugh. Another what day is it today  ?   (5 most uttered words last 2 weeks for me) - Missed a 10 yr old birthday  it was even on my iCal.
Yea ,  someone is getting the best of me.
Cops tell #Tori is Dad they may never find her remains  http/lfpress.ca/newsstand
Found out that a schoolmate died of an heart attack this morning. He was barely 35  will miss u bally!
i am still melting and i am in the house in the shade  it is not fair.
Okay . .  so someone has my keys or they are -really- good at this hide from James game.
Woke up early!! Dang man I know i am not going back to sleep
just watching hollyoaks oh my god 
@channilein It didn ' t start as a long message  . . .  It just got longer when I wrote it
@calamitylill Can you send out letters/emails to clients to remind them you are there  ?  
I spent an hoyour this morning going through yearbooks to see when each senior started to Harleton. My speech will be so boring.
I want to go outside and play in the sunshine ,  but I have to sit in front of a computer all day   At least I can have lunch on the patio!
http/tinyyourl.com/ry9wap Hi ! ! !  You are pretty man . . .  I cant upload more pics here for some reason  You wrote you wish to find a women  . . . 
sleeping in was interupted by JACK-HAMMERS at 9am Damn! Universe says GET UP! But I was up intil 3am  ' cause I thougth I would be sleeping in
@Carmnx Aawh ,  that; s too bad
@nick_carter  we can not see the video it is private
got caught in the rain outside. now i am cold bbbbrrrrrrrrr
wow! Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Davisson Killoran are the producers  of the movie: ORPHAN  !! i have direct contact info for them too!
Did yall know a kid drowned after trying to swi am to the bottom of the ocean in order to find sponge bobs pineapple house  ?   rofl sowy
@tyoursiops718 Ohnoes!   That is icky!
Running around doing errands on my last day in Charlotte  I would much rather be shopping!!
Warren and Hannah are dead  . . .  oh my godd!! Seriousslyyy this is a tragidy !
Thought I would check out home ,  that was 10 minutes ago ,  downloading update ,  now home square . . . that is why I can not be bothered with it Sony
 can not believe Hannahs dead in Hollyoaks!!
@ruby_may http/tinyyourl.com/n23akq  that! it is so cute and cyourrently has ymas pumping full blast ! i dont know what to revise for comms
oh my god . That is all I can say
@88brit06 def see ya tonight ,  we must get some RN photo is ,  I didn ' t get any yesterday  lol! And thanks for doing so ,  please do not  forget!
why is it still raining  ?  !  at least i have cute rainboots
@katarinasmama it was WAY too fast
@ClaytonCalhoon I know ,  huh  ?  
@CraigN No syourprise there. They probably do not  know themselves where it is
@nick_carter It says This video is private. ,  WTF   ?     ?     ?     ?  
@abhorrentbm lame. you should have said hello!
Yolonda ,  I went swi amming with my phone at the beach lol and so I lost all my contacts
so . . . i am guessing no BGN  ?  
ha ha . . . just found a new cocktail: Dances with Wenches (Cranberry Juice ,  Spiced Rum) ,  sounds nice but I do not  have any cranberry juice
@ashmohazel @i ammackmaine @it is_erincharde @brando2711 hey you guys should invite me out . . . moody is my only friend these days
I dnt get to go play lasertag w/ my besties!      *  old me is dead and gone * 
@fletchernet i help represent high profile actors for their tv/film/theatre careers so get free tix . .  but not for Jersey Boys . . 
wow i just slept till 2pm . . again . . .  good job me
@batxcore did you google it too  ?   or maybe you actually knew the answer lol ps put uo the pics already from last night  i am getting anxious
@xchikax I wish.
@DEWz_PingPong Oh ,  so no male strippers then  ?    LMAO
@JermSorensen yeah. She is screwed. $3000 in new tires ,  new tyourbo ,  and maint ,  paid it off ,  and now she  will get almost nothing.
wow their is no pancake mix
@hank1914 Hey ,  that link didn ' t work for me
@xiannic ,  awe ,  me in work ,  no BBQ for moi this weekend
I was gonna get off at 230 2day. Just found out i am stayin til 630
Not enough pizza ordered ,  so I didn ' t get any. And it was Pizza Delight too!
Yay! The playdate is back on but my van is transmission is  dead
byourning cd is  ,   ,    ,   ,    ,   ,    ,   ,   ,  fucking outa blank disc is
   ?     ?     ?     ?   ,    ?    ?   #sctest    ?     ?     ?     ?    ?     ?    ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    ?   ,     ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    ?   ,    ?    ?     ?    ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    .
@jamespenycate massive beer guardian. Huuuge. Told you already ,  do not  you trust me  ?  
@Vancesa oh no your poor car is testicles
@maxinefrances Ah  Not doing cbeebies epg by any chance are you hehe. need pinkyponk crash warnings  Is your joyourney home long  ?  
@Nica it was only announced in the last few days. Due to cancer I think
oh my. i have to play cluedo.
I smell cake but I do not  see any cake on the oven!
@hearted that happened to me so often ,  i hated it. every ti ame i moved to a username that i thought i would love ,  i moved soon after.
@SheBangz damn  lol . . . where u headed to  ?  
Anddd justin. Eff
@marebear521 did u try taco n mac n cheese pizza   ?     ?     ?     ?   i am so cravin it right now BUT all the good food makes me sick
1st presentation for senior boards  ?   FML
Why does not Twitter extend the number li amit a littttttle bit  ?   Until 160 atleast  ?  
where are britney g. and allan allan  ?    they are my favs and i think they are out of town  ?  
Ah! Haha oh my god   we have no more fudge grahmcracker cookies! Boo
http/twitpic.com/672s3 - What I woke up to this morning . . . I didn ' t want to leave bed.
@marketeson damn you and your hot weather - it is freezing in Oz at the moment  I miss summer . . 
oh my god  seated for seth lakeman but way too far back for my liking  x
is wondering what I did to get on the do not respond list
@cloudforest oh my god  that is AWFUL! $12k   ?     ?     ?    Wow     Oyour pyr figyoured out how to open a doorknobs one day by crushing them in her jaws and
@talulala really  ?   and yeah it is too soon
@Fluffy617 a steak byourrito bowl right! I wish I was not too lazy to go downtown
@EverRaven Wow ,  really  ?   I didn ' t know it was that serious.  Well that sucks. Texas must have been chock full of asbestos.
@brycecyourtis  really  ?  ! your getting rid of it! That is sad
Hey Dont Feel So Good , cuz i got in a car accedent yesterday.
@jenna218 i am there! So ,  no New York for me!
I want to see Terminator ,  but everyone is already seen it
Well dinner was disastrous my uncle lashed out at me for no reason he just told me to shut up !   ?    ?   Confused since i was not even talking
pulled from interesting meeting to an yourgent support request
HD full again . . .   http/plyourk.com/p/x2eb3
@totalblonde70 ohh i would def give it 2 u but tht was kenyatta is cam not mine  sry but i want tht pic 2
@bryceavary So no video blogs anymore  ?  
@exoticaleila lmao yea ,  I saw hi am on atlpics ,  yea I try to act like i am still in atl  lol
@justababy I make that same face when I get home and your mom is watching soaps.
Cant believe there had been nice weather all day and I was stuck in doors all day
Heading south on I-95.  Jacked mess around SR 234
it is raining on Staunton again ,  We need the rain ,  but that just means Ive got nothing sitting outside for people to see , 
My guitar ain ' t herew yet  ?   ,  feel like i lost a li amb!.
@mytvnetwork pansy  wtf codeh  ?  !
@rosiemini you got sonic without me  ?  
Wish my U2 beta key worked now. do not  want to wait  ' till Wednesday to play
Oh great Tampa people - anybody in the area know someone who works for the Jain Society of Tampa Bay  ?   None of their phone # is work.
@irishgirl Right; however ,  you neglect to mention that younger women are gold diggers or trophies. is not patriarchy grand  ?  
i had a dream that i was going to my graduation  i started crying . . . then i went home to take a nap  missed it . . . then a bee stung me . . . 
Went to the vending maching to get Bugles. No Bugles  Perhaps it is a sign that I do not  need the snack anyway.
Got word from USAA that the minivan is totalled.  Now we need a high valuation for something to buy a new car with.
@squaccs I may be telling myself that cos he never replies to me
@ShadoWingh i am only allergic to some bunnies. Are you allergic to all fyour  ?   That sucks! is not that cosmic irony ,  a fyourry allergic to fyour!
Much to my syourprise ,  I was using my credit card before the crack dawn to do some serious online gambling. One problem: it was not me.
@TiffanyCastillo muhaha martha 33 have fun see uu next mnth
Someti ames games are cruel because they are  not real . . .  like last night when I won $128 , 600 on Wheel of Fortune
Sad because A Skylit Drive is new songs do not  sound as good as I had hoped.
@Yasmine32068 LOL I do too . . .  I can not take hi am back ,  I lost my receipt!
Why is it so dark outside  ?  
@NoraReed I forgot about it and I already ate lunch  so I guess i am not going.
@ojackie oh my god! you are kidding! wow !! you must of moved out RIGHT after calleen got his 4 month shots.
oh my god ZZZ i just realised homer si amspon aint real   haha !
@Undented do you have a password for the San Diego show  ?   Mine is not working
@Jonasbrothers It Was The Best Evar  My First  ,   ,   You Didnt Awnser Any Of My Questions  xoxo
always excited for a new chapter in my life. just didnt expect it to be so emotional.
and my other peep got onto a game site who i will never see again
@a_nobel    ?     ?     ?    ,     ?     ?     ?    ,     ?     ?     ?    ,     ?     ?     ?     ?    ?      ?     ?     ?     ?   --    ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?   
@Medros Just try to do your best. I hope you do not  get laid off.
I JUS FOUND MY I.D. FINALLY ; IT WAS IN THE LINT THINGY IN THE DRYER LOL it is ALL BENT OUTTA SHAPE NOW  i am MAD
@heyki am WOOW that is harsh!  i am so sorry to hear that
@Arian_A i have but you know it is not that easy . . 
@amdiegelman OH NO . . . do you think he is lived out his lifespan  ?  
@bellarina1983 i have notgot a text back!  sod her i looks fabulous!
@pilgri amfamilyuk OOO YUK !! thats not good i am retching as we tweet
@DARRENJ0NES ooh ouch!   lovely weather but damn! cover up sugar! x
@Massawyrm we watched that one day in the middle of playing-- it REALLY does not hold up
Hi  . .  I have the net YAYY . .  i am here for a short ti ame though
@OfficialSTaylo no it does not . . . sheesh
Was going to Grandpa is place for lunch to celebrate his 88th.  Just found out it is changed to a Chinese buffet  Bringing Gas-x!
Was about to head downtown . . . now there is a flash flood!  - Photo: http/bkite.com/07XFs
i wish that mcfly dream was real aha ,  i want tom to write in my action plannner  haaa ,  it would be awesome though ;D
The bunuelos were a huge hit but i had to skip shopping afterwards.  let is see what kind of trouble i can get into here . . . 
and why is everyone having a nice weather but prague
Apple is expected to launch a new iPhone this summer.  Hi my name is Judy and I am addicted to Apple products.
@shaaqT You forgot moi  #twpp
@danger_skies I want to dance with you too  I have notreally listened to that song since you left. It makes me miss you more
So glad it is friday! Only 1 week of schol left.  i am glad it is almost summer though.
Just figyoured out why only strong guys are supposed to put heavy things on top shelves ,  ouch!
@aayushsoni oh mann . . .  Me likey that!! But sadly i am not bein auctioned on #twpp tonight
what a total bummer ,  i lost followers
@TheMandyMoore boston needs one too
for the whole ti ame @haydendavey  ?  
Nana got moved. No more funny old woman stories
@cloudconnected --of them kinda tyourns me off of it all.  And then I buy more of them and dig a deeper hole ,  etc. ;;
oh my god  - the MMs in my pantry are calling my name. i have  been ignoring them all day. It is driving me completely insane. Too many calories
@Macnatty oh my god   Poor Eppy! I hope she is ok. That is so scary and wow I can not believe no one noticed.
@DebiLayne i know!! No money for pedicyoures!!
@mileycyrus they all stopped doing drugs!
@kaliboooo in bucher is class  ?  ! i cried too!
@APWright well kris is making me a sick panda
@mann95 nooooo  who is it  ?   i am gonna beat them up! Unless it is someone i amportant . .   *  thinks of new name * 
@Jameage awww  oh my god  garbo fake playing dyouring one of the songs ! ! !  haha
@KeytaJ yeah . . . she passed last week.  so sad!
@iamdiddy @iambodie  . . . I hugged my hater 2day. Then told her it is #nobitchassnessfriday ! ! !  i am now in trouble for cyoursing my mgr.
meeting just in ti ame that im trying to win something @SEGA prize is friday!
@Jonasbear2 crap ,  i dont have 2 work satyourday ,   i was suppose 2 hang out with my friend  watch it. we can still hang out but no JONAS =
@danudey hot weather for the lose. And I have to clean too!  Cleaning in the heat sucks balls.
Just ran hair first into spiderweb full of baby spiders . . . i almost set my own hair on fire to get rid of them! Almost.
@LISAAASTHOUGHTS I have to pre-order it
once i hit christian in the head with a metal bat! haha he then socked me in the eye! haha i miss being a reckless little kid
noooo! @shutuppat  all summer  ?  ! I will not see your charming little face ALL summer  ?  !
i am home ,  Yay! Unpacked everything ,  now just got to wash it all
oh my god  I just woke up after only sleeping for 3hrs ,  and my arm is just aching . . .  It hyourts so bad
I wonder why thumbnail pictyoures are not showing up on my TweetDeck  ?  
I can not breathe well but tyourns out i am not crazy.  Just inflammed lungs
just got back from the ER . . .  i cut myself while trying to cook a nice lunch  3 stiches on my right index finger ,  talk about ouchie
@dougiemcfly Oh no!!  Hope you get better for your show in Argentina! Good luck!
working till 5 . . . why are they playing miley cyrus on the company radio and not adele  ?  
@nickjfrost that is what i tell everyone! their food is the WORST! no one understands my horror.
wow what a lovely day! Shame i have to clean my room
why will not the kids sleep
@Polymath7 hey I didn ' t get the email yet
@julia72 weird ,   ' cause i synced mine this morning and got the new episode . . . 
Looks like the #GM Bankruptcy is going to happen. This loss will help offset the gains that I had earlier in the year tax wise. Oh well
Holy moley! it is raining cats and dogs here! And I just got snazzified by Min at Salon Mint!
@cosRobPerkins You are the third person to ask me out on Mon afternoon  i am so sorry ,  but i am helping tutor my friend for C1/C2 
@LadyLove88 seems to have disappeared out of my life
It was sunny when I entered the sub-basement.  Now it is raining.
@LADollz  buy yay for your shoot . . . hope it goes well!  What is it for  ?  
@PKChin morning dad!! i had the weirdest dream some marines shot terrorists in the throat . . .  no i didnt find the key yet
Trying to stay awake  Anyone have any tips how to keep yourself awake @work  ?  
with red who is blue
oh my god  i got a black eye from a deck of cards i choked on laffy taffy and i am officaly done with school . .  Sad now
Everyone is allergic to Poison Ivy; i know it guys ,  me too. L ,  you can not change ,  and me neither ,  so . . . i guess it is enough
No betta nest  I think despite the heater it gets too chilly at night
The beer buzz is almost gone . .  The world has become complicated again
where is everyoneeeeeeeeee   ?  
I learned that people are very greedy when it comes to freebies.I left toys out for freecyclers and one person tried to take it all.
@__SANDY i dont know! they sent out emails using my account about random stuff i didnt even understand i changed all my passwords
i have  been to Best Buy  Target and still no Electrik Red album! i am loosing hope . . they ' ve never even heard of the girls
Warning tweeting while ridding a Bike is dangero ,  waaaaaaa ! ! !   *  crash * 
@layourarenee411 i am so sorry!  I saw it too and it shocked me to the core.
wow! ever notice that some twitters have thousands of followers ,  yet they only follow a handful (actually ,  less than two hands) of peeps.
Blinded again
oh no! my fun weekend with friends is gone! my mother has made a family weekend of it!  Damn
Good thing is: They have a computer. Bad thing is: It blocks ALL VIDJAGAME SITES! Yes ,  even VGTribune.com is blocked!
@execbp mmmm now you are speaking my language! (Unfortunately ,  in militant diet mode-am seriously thinking of  competiton-so no TB I guess
@tinkypen are you all going without me
Updating Maven Dependencies I know this is a good thing ,  but would be better if it happened when I was asleep
Loll whats boyfriend #2 supposed to mean then  ?   @cathyweeeen it is to cold
Cut my thumb with the saw in small metals   again . . . 
@MishGoddess not but I went to his page and it made me hungry
oh my god  . . . did I just see a tweet from Miss Bonnie   ?     ?     ?    amazing . . . my phone died yesterday . . . and oster has alltel  I miss you
Jamies Free Views Dead
They gave me a regular coke instead of diet. Really  ?    ?  
My son is first tooth came out but he left it at school
@Mellecita oh nice! i am jealous!! i do not  know what i am going to do when they are all gone!
Tom is back in town
@Qui amo No happy hoyour in CCP eithah that is 2 bad
@nessalh boo . . .  i was hoping for a fake alien story with a tinfoil covered beachball photo
Byournt from the lake
Home from Jack is now ,  can not say i am too happy about that either
lost my tooth 2day whilst i was eating gum . . . oww
wondering if my local Borders is going to make it. Lots of bare shelves . . .  It makes me sad
Waaah! Masseuse is fully booked. No shoulder rub today.
Whenever ,  whever ,  sarah is in dc all summer  and syoure!
@michvs i wanna go home  x
@_chellebelle_ hey! aww i cnt view it in the UK they are  blocked  what it it  ?    ?  x
I got so much gray hair all of a sudden.  I just ordered me some Garnier Roasted Coffee from drugstore.com ,  well see how that goes.
arghh ! i feel like a lobster ! sunbyourn hyourts
@Nunzio_Bruno what question  ?   oh i am not around tonight . . . 
ofcoyourse they wait until the last minute to run an experi ament at work . . . that I have to supervise. aka i dont get to leave work on ti ame.
just got news that one of oyour good friends grams passed away.She was strong as a horse. You never know what tomorrow may hold.
@mitchelmusso dont you have a uk say now  ?  
@tommcfly talk to me is not a good idea  ?    i am going to buy a gift to my friend ,  so you have 20 mins . . . 
Unfortunatley ,  AerLingus no longer fly to Copenhagen so we are have to fly Ryanair to Billund and drive up to Copenhagen one of the days!
@JennLovesM5 DUDE WHAT  ?   I WANNNNAAAA GOOOOOO
Aww the little girl on Britain is Got Talent!  I actually love Ant n Dec!  Oh an '  Si amon Cowell. 
@dylanxtra awwwwwwwwww  thats jus . . . awwwww.did she get to start again like  ?  
@stoc just found out they are closed on mondays!  working on a backup plan
@Sam4God How is she spoilt  ?   She is like 10  ?   11  ?   That was hard for her to be put up in front of 14m people.  She is really young.
I have an IQ of 136 only . .  
@love_Jamie I guess  ! I was really suprised . . 
listening to music!! my phone just died on me  !! can not find my charger . . .  my brother needs 2 stop taking mine without asking!!
that little girl on BGT  oh my god gg ,  how can people not feel sorry for her  ?  
@FreyaLynn they can not be in their carriers anymore  ?  
there is absolutely nothing to eat in my house . . .  epic fail
Just woke up and saw that the sun is not out  I need to start waking up early
The things ,  you say ,  your pyourple prose just gives you away what the hell is that even supposed to mean  ?   Casino: where music goes to die
I got excited when I saw a bag in the place cookies usually live (when I get them). Unfortunately it was just my new prescription
i am supposed to be Ms. Twitterology
Just found out I want be able to go see my daddy tomorrow before he leaves because Ty has an activity tomorrow morning ,  that sucks
@DEAP215 were you roaming  ?    ?   Same thing happen to me  so I switched to ATT.
@CainAndrews awwwh u stuck in traffic  booo!
headache  wanna see my Julie
Aww ,  no one is on MSN
@Airrun Oh yea! I didn ' t think it was open yet! They took over Ben  Jerry is.  I loved that place.
@masqueradetitan oh my god ! is it mine  ?   oh my god  that is so gross ,  i am so sorry! I TOTALLY forgot about it until JUST now!
@pocketnowTweets no labels  ?    Sorry I know i am really needy.
@abcdude  Darn ,  I thought you meant White Sox.
@anitawebster the pho broth is a concentrated mix of pork and beef bones . . . so I think you ' ve missed the point.
But now talking about today ,  Oh my GODNESS! Problems ,  problems ,  problems. about love ,  money ,  math ,  parents . . . .that is enough ,  is not it  ?  
Up was sooo gooooood. Wood ranch bbq ti ame! Dian deng pao.
@citizenDave You are not going  ?   Awww
@casmonaco you can still stay if you want to!
I never win raffles. But I won the raffle @ Dulce for the Cultyoure Crawl! What did I win  ?   A tie and a pocketsquare! No $700 handbag for me
oh my god  somethings spooky on twitter
Up is all sold out!!
Dlukasrossi Lukas- your amazing wife ,  her updates are locked! Hard to convince people to follow protected profiles , 
Screen On The Green started yesterday ! ! ! ahhh! i missed it!
can u believe the architect who planned a tar-black promenade in this small town won an international prize  ?  and everyone who walks  jogs
@KulpreetSingh Good god ,  no. You can fit very few swear words into 140 characters
TODAy SUCKs - kisskass19: you and katey broke up  ?  ! Yah Kate Broke up with me  it is been awful nd Vodkas . . .  http/tumblr.com/xkx1wgl8r
@tommcfly i can not believe that you guys are gonna stay just one day here in Rio de Janeiro again
just got my first lesson in when rain meets my white  shirt   if one more man tells me they like my bra on more ti ame! smh
@RedCrossPDX No blood drives in my area. i will keep looking.
everyone has left me
Killed a pigeon today  Thought it was going to move out the way of the car . .  next thing I know ,  BANG feathers in the rear view mirror RIP
@KattPackAllDay i did dat 1 ti ame  my boss text me saying ,  tweet me n my office after dis tweeting is ova! i havent dun it since.
dammit.  I need new cupcake tins
Oh noes  . . .  macbook hard disk has just died
Boooo Ani amal collective is already sold out.  Guessi will be missing that show
@xoxobb11 you got it all done  ?    ?   even the labs  ?   thats all i have left to do. and i cant figyoure it out. FML
o wow tia! the clip was only 14 seconds
oh dear ,  they selected the worst bit for highlight for soprano guy
@TwiSuperfan what  ?  !  ?  ! oh my god  ! ! !  I can not view this on my iPhone!!
@oyfreakinvey u can eat sashi ami ! ! !  just not rice
@iamyoushouldtoo Oh ,  i am jealous (how syourprising)
@contentwhore Okay. i am all out of ideas
Fuck ,  I cut my finger!
@TaLisaDuhhh you stopped followin me  ?  
3OH!3 - Rich man is amazing ,  really can not be bothered for school on Monday
@unahealy wish i could go ,  but I have an exam the day after the only one i could to go to ,  so i am not allowed  are you toyouring next year  ?  
@sydneetaylor your welcome sweetie . Anyti ame . I need to find a way to get more followers  ,  I do not  have many
@glasgirl GAAAAAAASP I didn ' t know it will be the final one!!  Sad ,  i have  been reading those books for years
@StefiBeautifulO I know.  There is no reason for any of that.
Just got home ,  no rosie syourprise of smiles hugs  kisses waiting for me.
@nunie I have to go to Spanish mass on Sunday  And then write a couple of papers. Boo.
@tinabby Got that right! And i know when I found out she was not coming i cried!  It really sucks but i am still happy she headlining  now!
@leahchu  that is the worst dream ever. weird to think all of those thoughts are in your subconscious.
@harrisonjsmith i need to get tickets though  idk how that is gonna happen
Listen to Back Around by @ddlovato  . . . love this song. Meet @TiniOlsen tomorrow ^.^ But we cant go swi amming  Sorry
@Paperclippe My iPod headphones have gone kaput.  Wanted to buy new ones. Should I buy some Bose instead then  ?   Do they work with Apple  ?  
Almost ti ame to say Good Bye to my twi amulations.i will miss my tweeps
First fail ,  cant tweet from phone. Oh how I love my work phone
just got home from the last day of school.  graduation tomorrow.
@isthemasterplan He is a singer of the Oasis ,  right  ?    ?   I mean . .  never think he hates me
LOL Was it nice today  ?   because I totally just woke up and wasted my day  Working on a few things for this youtube project i am in! w00t!
@daisydelfina my location thing  ?   Through ubertwitter . . . it has an option to include locations! Jon uses uber ,  but he has it off  lol
@JSNorwood oh ,  are we not doing that anymore  ?  
we are getting another puppy   . . .  not cool . . .  really
@JasonJMikeMgmt your taking tease lessons from the guys! No fair   LOL ,  oh well ,  we  will wait as patiently as we can!
WOW. My teacher just called me a skunk cuz of my hair
@clubflys no decleration yet but crazy ass Koreans are not playing nice anymore  what do u thinks next  ?   i am thinking war
Enjoying my pathetic tiny music collection ,  while rearranging my room. Still a little tired from shortening the grass ,  and that one frog
my tummy hyourts
@cherroke5780 UMMMNNN ummmnnn good thanks for letting me know earlier . . .  I ate already
395 votes for Hungary  ?  What  ?   But . . . but . . . the Nyourbyourgring . . .   http/tinyyourl.com/mtfye3
What  ?   But . . . but . . . the Nyourbyourgring . . .   why is it so good  ?   http/tinyyourl.com/krcamp
@niccccolle what is it  ?   i cant get onto bebo on this one!
OooooOOOOO @golougo  but you just said you were dancin at home.  so does not that count  ?  
@marypoppins oh my god  ! ! !  That is a nightmare
@tvfanactic Jealous I wanted see that film
thinks his haircut isnt as bad as it looked yesterday . . . .  - still bad tho!
@jordanknight all is quiet in twitterland 2day.
@danieldececco Out of your car  ?  ! Oh no!
@ecopolitologist  Wow that is a scary statistic
loves syourprises ,  but is never syourprised
http/twitpic.com/67jq9 - i am really missing this place  my grandparents are living there ,  on the calm country! but i am coming to them  . . . 
Holy cow! Archie Andrews finally marries Veronica Lodge.This is not what I thought will eventually happen in my 6th grade  Awww . . . bad ,  bad
why wont the wii get Paperboy on virtual console
This thunder is scaring the hell out of me . . . geez . . . I HATE THUNDER  we better not loose electricity . . .  #fb http/myloc.me/2144
Twitter has been foking up for me today arg!  1 and 1/2 hoyours of work till the weekend! Woooooo
@olivierlacan That is awesome man. Damn ,  I should of sent you an affiliate link.  lol. oh well.
@ani amalria what  ?    ?   why  ?  
At shakas againn. No 2 dollar salads here
@3minds babe u aint been reading my tweets- my phone has fallen apart. My new on comes nxt wk. The track ball keeps fallin out my phone
@gracieh89 can you get catacombs ffrom the cinemas  ?   i tried to get it from my local one a little while ago and theyh didn ' t have it.
Went to get driver license and car licnse plates renewed.  My mechanic that does inspections out of town today.
I wish my sister lived near me
wondering why my boyfriend hasnt called me for a week . .  . i think the end is coming for is . . . 
I byournt myself
At the DMV uhhhg!
@Cara_Jen LOL - I know . . .  seems that the whole fabric of oyour earth will now unravel - lol - I guess people have never seen bambi
@MissLayoura317 oh man! They better do something to fix that!! ugh stupid Verizon
My boss called me anerexic
@DAEONE  you do not  love me anymore!
I think I may have just lost my job . . .  FML
@Kyra_In_TX I know what you mean.
@YoungPharoh and added it to his collection. i was too much of a punk bitch to ask for it back.
 . . . yup stil at work
@aileenwilliams Yes but was the nice one. He could not believe the other guy kicked Max. He is off for a week soon
good day in the sun . . .  little bit byournt tho . . .  well actualy quite alot  very sore  heh
gets to get up at 8am tommorow to collect money for Relay for Life! Yay Me! I do not want to get up
@chasingsunshine I am reassassing this boundry right now . .   I really didn ' t mean to upset you. You know i adore you really.
@hithere90 What the heck  ?   Why  ?    ?   What is going on  ?  
for about 3-4 weeks now i got 3 different pairs of strighters thinking they was not working ,  just realised it was on the lowest setting
@RealJessicaAlba Is it true there will not be any Fantastic 4 sequels  ?    I wished they introduced a Franklin Richards character . . .  will they  ?  
is confused
so tired!
@natalienanci and i are desperately seeking @anberlin tickets for tonight ,   do not  understand why cruel people are selling them for $200+
awww the wee gril in britains got talent
is on crutches!
@Wossy What the hell Ross  ?  ! Where is Hugh Layourie! He was supposed to be on tonights show
@tidesandclouds   eff you. jk , i will probably make it to philly.
i am quite upset do I really look under 15 :| they must have thought i was 14 or something ! Whatt ! thats unfair
@harora wtf wtf wtf dont share such videos at this ti ame man
Just woke up. I dreamed I had 9 new emails! Sadly ,  it was just a dream
one of my customers just told me his GF ran over her own dog today   how sad  ?  
@Tivon LMAO . . .  just saw this. That sounds HELLA good. I have a hair appt at 7
Doggone it! I only got an hoyour nap in  I really want some Ponderosa chicken wings!
@belindashort yeah wtf with that  ?   my noggin does not take to either
@portugepunk fun who did you go with   ?     ?     ?    Another park no invite!  LOL
i am blonding  . . .  slowly but syourely i am blonding  . . .  i wana scratch my hair but i am not allowed
i think iv hyourt my tooth  and eilish and cassie are having a drawing competiton to draw cookies and pineapples haha :L .
@LoriBartolozzi Wow  That had to be difficult
Sob! I can not believe i am ending my work week at the chapter about what Augusten Byourrough is father did to Ernie the guinea pig!
Strange there is a 99 char li amit to tweets on ustream   (GeoGeekTV live  http/ustre.am/2TOa)
@Spraypainthero wh-wha  ?   hacky sack plans sans Jackie   ?     ?     ?   
Getting closer to logging in. My left hand is so swollen ,  I can not wear my wedding ring. I keep forgetting and worrying that I lost it.
such a nice day and i am gonna be stuck inside all night
On the way to Malaysia . . . no internet access to Twit
getting rained out @ the devon horse show.   *  head desk * 
@xLilahhx Good stuff ,  Smiles back  ?   Why will not you go to his concert too  ?   . Wish I could instead of doing my music which is failing  lol x
@kaseyhayes a bee stung your eye  ?   i am sorry
I dont understand why he is doing this
@Jason_Manford oh ,  i am so sorry ,  i didn ' t know  hope you are well x
@iamchinky13 are u ignoring me  gah!
@halbpro it is called retro my dear and I wear fifties fashion someti ames . . . did you not see my birthday pictyoures  ?  
oh my god  I can not believe jay leno is going off the air
Boy is going to a movie. I wish I didn ' t feel like shit.
Jumped on a train to visit or rescue my mom. Totally forgot my sweatshirt  And forgot to bring my make up! First ti ame ever forgetting 
-- oh my god  I can not believe jay leno is going off the air  I HATE CONAN O ' BRIAN
@abramsandbettes i sent one abrams  and it was all syourrounded with weather
dinner smells good . . . man i am hungry. so sunny outside ,  wish i was at wonderland
it is coming out the socket  I feel like my phones hole is not a virgin. That is how loose it is . . .  : ' (
@Janelliebeans I do not  even remember what is on there ! ! ! 
@retrorewind oh my god  at that Almost in oyour 40 is comment!!  Same Bday as Joe here . . . But I tyourn 40 . . . oh my god  . . . lol
Back in a mo. Cover Girls hubby on fb chat. She not seen hi am for 5 months
@shenangagain nooo way dude did I  ?   i am at my ma is 4 the w/e this means no net we in the country
I still smell of smoke  #kitchenfire
Sunbyourn is not as fun as I remember
watching missy elliot video collection so sad I was told that I looked like her all through high school
unemployment line here i come.
Oh noes ,  Not your Average Joes in Lexington is closing!  Sad
@selenagomez I hope you had fun in Canada  do not  worry you  will see then again this summer , 
http/twitpic.com/67otn - Awwwww i want them
@corruptjelly ICANT LIVE ,  i cant live ! ! !  lmao. Oh and btw - oooowwwch my foot  hyourry with that plaster ,  i am going to bleed to death
@AngelaIsshay oh that is what is up! I tried parmesean pri amavera last night and made a culinary abomination! It was pretty sad . . . 
bummer ,  my phone gets disconnected. on the weekend of my birthday. darn /3
@lilyroseallen is it true you have a part in Neighboyours  ?    ?   I have been brought up watching that show . . I wanna be on it
Why does it matter who marries who as long as youre happy . . . i find it so wrong to say ok u two can marry but you cant
a HUGE SPIDER just crawled past me.  HUGE.
Were at citibank I thought we were gonna go to grannys house but were no
Today officialy fucking sucks. My mom is the biggest bitch ever. Text me
fuck everything
awwww it ovber ! ! ! 
@TheMrsH I saw an all red Audi on the highway. I sped uo to it hoping it was you. My loss
@SarahKMetz wish you were sluttin it up w me  waaaaaaaaahhhh ! ! ! 
got a syourprising and sad news on a Friday  (clue:effect of global financial crisis) http/plyourk.com/p/x2vyi
@BefiBeez i just posted it like 5 mintues after you got off
@LayourenConrad I can not belive you only have one episode to go 
@spicesierra sorry to hear that
@natetron Yo nate ,  what is going on with Morgie  ?   Is she ok  ?    ?  
3 day weekend and all I can think of is work waiting to ambush me on Tuesday!   Damn you work ! ! ! 
@GoldenSquad  LOL yeah he unfollowed me bkuz  I was just jokein with hi am bwt somethn n I quess he took it serious
@MusicLover_15 No ,  I have notseen it yet!  But once it comes out on DVD . .   hehe. Haha
Poor dead Josh.  http/bit.ly/JKpHn  Please leave your messages of condolences there.  #boy #rip
Test discovery just missed being in Py3.1
when i told my mom can we watch up  ?   she said OK. little did i know she thought i asked what is up  ?   looks like i have a free friday.
@PassionMD I could see your quote but not vote for it  ?    ?  
watching a film ,  recovering from my operation
chillen at gmas! Soooo humid outside!
@shutterbutter @daveydollar  . . .  Way to rub it in guys! Send everyone my love  wish I could be there
wishes he can just call her.  blah. it used to be so easy to move on. wtf happened  ?  
i am thinking that tonight is plans are not gonna happen. sigh . . . sadface. i shouldn ' t be syourprised ,  but i am.
i am soo fucking sick of wades mood swings . . .  uhh i hate hi am . .  he is an asshole!! ahhhh
@ClaudeKelly What day is it  ?   What is #FF  ?   i am worst than you
I got overexcited about pizza and byourned my mouth.
Dammit i just locked the keys in the car! had to call mama whos in laughlin to call AAA for me
just drove with my mom and brynn. my mom said i am the worst driver EVER . . . really  ?    ?  
it is humid today. Last night there was lightning. And now it is humid
Never commute in the rain. The people get so much meaner to you.
@Martini amisty Oh god ,  what was that thing! It scared me.
had to throw out lotion at the air port terminal
Parking garage concrete pole 1 -- the new Odessey 0.
@HelloMissJean hhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! ! ! ! Yo u hve me in tears! . . . it is all @CthaGod fault he said u cancelled so I thought . . . 
Upcoming trip . . . Italy ,  France and Belgium . . . yeah.  Sadly ,  no Germany.  Syourprisingly bummed about that.  Almost a tradition.
Rain  oh well it is still Friday!!
@KristenSi amoni Every ti ame I have Friday off. Sadly ,  that is not too often
@DanaBrunetti What up  ?   Why no tweets. Are you also filming in a place w/ no signal  ?    .Hmmm.
Why am i even trying to go to sleep. it is 28c in here. I miss the cold winter nights
Went to see UP. It was a really good movie that pulls at the heart strings  i highly recommend it
@jacvanek oh my god gg ,  how were the crazy cobras i wantewd to see them when they were in London
Someti ames I could swear I really am insane.
I was just asked by a suit where i was heading to. I didn ' t think i looked that much like a whore
@XtineSamonte  what is going on   ?  
watching the jobros live chat  . .  not live though  haha.
nothing . .  just looking for me a car. i am haven no luck at all!
wtf my pic is not showing
ugh . . .  hangover. sign that i am getting old
Justwatched the premier of Jon  Kate plus 8 andI just cant pull myself together.I cant i amagine being alone with my 2 let alone 8.
@shaylaa I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
pulled up @ walmart aunt got out went in I fell asleep 2 hoyours later . . .  were r you  ?  !  lol
@kyliexmonster WHAT  ?  ! i was wanting to see that show!!
oh my god  i am in so much pain  ouchies
Thought i saw the a-trak van ,  tyourns out it is the Alcohol- TEAM van.
@jkocyourek @mikeflynn - really  ?   What a waste of money then
is being a horrible twitter-er. Moved in to my Houston apartment and awaiting work starting on Monday. Real world=now
I want a new lappy
@KidFyoury I dont see it  ?   where do u see it listed at cause I dont
i am home where i am about 2 drink alone.
@tracecyrus plz dont fall in love with tokyo and never come home
tMeme My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http/twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If . .  http/twitpic.com/67hac
   ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?   #bash   ?    ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?       ?     ?     ?     ?  
@AustinWilde  well i see your moving onto the next cute guy
Why is no one online  ?  
Wowzer! it is very windy. Not good for my allergies!!
Finally watched the last couple episodes of The Office on NBC ( #theofficenbc ) - I now understand why Gervais stopped after 2 seasons
@fedexwifey oh no! thanks for that blog entry but I ordered mine a  few days ago! I feel so dumb
@LightAesthetic  what about sauce  ?   Huh  ?   i am going to california tomorrow morning
sickkkkk.  GET ME OUT OF THIS HOUSE! need to get active. whats going down  ?   Celina havin a party  ?   hit me uhpp!
@joeag ahh. That sucks.
Awe . . . man . . . i missed registration 4 #flashcamp
Believe it or not i am a super geek
Got fully denied tonight  sleep ti ame now ,  lnd in morn!
@meryreino Really  ?   Awesome . . i am mad cuz my followers r goin down   *  Take A Breath * 
@maggit we tried yesterday and they said no
@it isPrecious that is meAn
@wowshaggy ooft what pub  ?   i am off 2moro ,  but I have a backlog of what people call work to finish. Doubti will do it
@cyourrykidd rofl. room is too small to dance
@xFrankieMonster haha. lucky ,  I havent seen it yet  It fucking sucks .
@ericajo42 @saynerd01 oh look! it is oyour new house in santa barbara! http/i41.tinypic.com/2hi2t4y.jpg  hahha i wish
after I said hi how are you she did at double take  left. Damn it I should have let her look around first
There is a huge bulldyke eyein me
Oh ,  I forgot. They weighed me at the Dr. I am at my highest weight ever.
@szsz Wow- you are sharing some of my long list.
@XcoyourtneylisaX well i really cant belive that x
@ineska awwww this made me realize I have to take down my bulletin board too!  There is so many memories up there.
my house is so sad looking without all of the fyournityoure ,  air mattressing it for 2 nights and then i am officially moved from Knoxville.
@Izzy_Cullen oh really ! ! !  i have  already put all the pics up!! sorry!!   http/twitpic.com/61oj0
@dkmashino couple days  ?  ! Sheeeeit. Wish I were there. Have something at Cafe Claude for me.
@nicca_ no idea what that means bb
@igotyourcrazy waaaaayyyyy too hot for that
At this point ,  i am gonna be left here with only Tommy. He is no prize.
@MarieTuckerVA busy wit work  how is your business going on  ?  
@mitchelmusso it is it done  ?  
@it isbecca not playing here either
@juicystar007 Pleaseeee i am really tired and stuck in waiting room for 2 hoyours  midnight in england. hw much money do u get a mnth  ?  
oh dear! gareths b-day 2moro all my girlfriends are abroad  lucky niamh is coming home 2moro poor gareth has 2 listen 2 me talk all day
wow 2 months since i have  been on twitter . . .  supposed to go see Maat in PA but the James is sleepin
Just realized I hold a membership in the gym - saw my bank statement
@mitchelmusso i waited for like an hoyour and i never got to talk to you
Did it just start to thunder out of nowhere  ?    ?  
is missing her best friend . . . . and i only saw them this afternoon  How sad am I ! ! ! !
@KDVCashville oh my god  that was my twin sister is fav song
MegaMan 2.5D . . .  wow! Capcom please do not  chuck a  isquare-Enix '  and put a Cease and Desist order on this project
For those of you heading out of vancity i have  heard the hwy is closed east bound at cwack
@kraez2001 http/twitpic.com/67w20 - Jordan baby was talking to me ! ! ! ! I wish I coulda met you!! ugh
my sister just ripped my heart outta myy fukkn chest.  i am super hyourt right now. she is all i ever needed in this life.
stopped for coffee at Maryland rest area; so did at least five entire middle schools; just my luck
cannot believe someone smashed my car window and stole my laptop  they obviously dont have a mum ! ! ! 
@dougiemcfly get better oh my god  i still dont believe that i didn ' tgot a pictyoure with you  it is soo sad ,  i do not  now when i am gonna see u again
Just realized all his fantastic nerdfriends no longer live in Rochester
Ecaytrade people who said you would come by stuff at 60 . . where are you   ?   Bugs me when people no-show
@iamkiara__  i am so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin
Just chillin '  in pjs after a short ,  but long week - why is someone continually knocking at my door  ?  
gooooooood night ,  cant believe tomoroo is cancelled!  but still gonna be a giid night ,  GNI cant beat them!
@shereemcfly09 arrr bummer  who do you want to win  ?  
@missuzliipzlive ilooked in my phone book and your name was the first to show and i was like i got ti-ti number but it was just your email
It was my fault for leaving my flip-flops outside my locker while swi amming at USF Koret but why oh why would you want to take  ' em  ?   #R2i amT
@Bensabeast Whaaaat  ?  !  ?  !  ?    When did that happen  ?  
 * sniff sniff *  I want thie App for my iPhone but it is only in America. Free Ani ame ,  Games shows and more for you iPhone = Win. But no UK =
I also found out that it is also my last youth group meeting
it is 20:50 hs and i am still at the office . . . really tired , wanna go home!
@no_syourprises no it is not ready
THIS twitter is driving me nuts . . . WONT LET ME DOWNLOAD A PROFILE PIC!!  . . . guessi will keep trying!!
it is a really warm day in Seattle! My reeses chocolate is melting ! ! ! 
@mileycyrus hehe his name was Jack Dawson  he died on the Titanic  u c that movie Miley  ?  i am watching it rite now. amazing.tell Leo I3Hi am!
Ok so Jeff looks like he has a black eye!!
@momlogic oh my god  . . . that is soooo sad.
Phone went in the toilet   The truth is i am syourprised is hasn ' t happen sooner!
oh my god  JLO AND MARC ANTHONY WERE AT MY OLD SCHOOL GRADUATION  BRB UPSET
Went to see UP today - very disappointed - it was sad   Almost made me cry!  I thought it was supposed to be funny.
it is after 12 an man is texting me telling me that he wants to come over.i say i am tired . . lol . . da punk says he  will bring me redbull and KFC
@ClareHeartsMAC can u add your link. I can not find u on YouTube.
Eatin dinna ,  herd tom brady not movin 2 fast
Just found out that they are running a lil behind.
back to Rosebyourg . . . and an empty apartment
@jackbox noooooo! I just spent two days getting that damn song OUT of my head
@shepromoceo got damn stranger  lol
@RaleighWood Raj was not on the list.  So Scoop or Bandit.
@nickyvender Nicky ,  I LAND at 10pm ,  it will be like 10:40 before I get home! UGH! Wont be any fish fry left for me anyways
@heartsnsparkles she is that is why she never speaks to me in college i think   . . . .i might just stick to unzela . . . if hashi am dosnt shoot me
.@aragornrain: no health insyourance is not an option.
http/twitpic.com/67ykl - The stolen pyourse -- when it was new from the store . . . see tags still on it
@i ampala_Guy Just like me )))) No i must confess one dark side of me is that i can be someti ames stubborn + im a little morning grouch
i am so glad my concert is still a week away . . . i am getting so sick and I need the ti ame to recover!! My lungs hyourt so bad right now
@FattKiddBep i made a vid for you proving my skiLLs that you denied but my step dad said he would disown me if i posted it ~   sowey
can not make it to graduation . . . 
@iolla1@dougreport how can I read the Floyd article says it is private   - odd -it works for me . . . 
Eli in the ER  they pricked his finger for blood sugar and he was trying not to cry http/twitpic.com/67z2q
I want to become vegetarian ,  it is going to be so hard!
Wow what a storm we just had ! ! !  Now no power
Trying to figyoure out this thing . . . it is not going well
Soo embarassed I didn ' t see the tweets i have  been getting from kind followers.   i will do better ,  I promise ! ! ! 
@jini ame your schmoo is moving  ?   Are you sad  ?  
Select Yums tees on sale! Bird Walk and SODMG are sold out though
@hellparade what  ?   whyyyy  ?  
ACK! Ghost Whisperer is not on!   Damn network is lucky they gave me Walk The Line in place of it . . . f * ckas. JP is hawt.  :0)
 . . dat dude look crazy w/ dat hair on his face lmao  . . stop it!!  . . the old wrestlers went to TNA  thanks Vince  . . these dudes are clowns lol
@jojo_jtv WHAT! I was only gone for 30 minutes and you are already showing boobage without me  ?  
Boo . . . Up DLP is sold out for 80
@fatsam33 yeahh  those two ti ames we ' ve stood next to each other were special ti ames . . . 
@SilentEcho oh my god  i know i am so sorry  my screen is just small 
@natalyathree damn! natalya! you gotta tell me whats going on ! ! !  i would call you but i lost all my phone numbers when i broke my blackberry
goodness gracious my chair broke
i lost a follower
@path189 why weren not we invited  ?  
@xhotandfatx you gotta follow BOOBFEED it is incredible. They tweet 4-10 a day. With links to free breasts. it is my favorite tweeter
love to but  already got plan  going to queen mary !
Someone out there will soon  be the lucky recipient of my 5000th Tweet. Oh wait. Shit. THIS was it!
@MuddyTheFox aww  but typing from beyond the grave . . . i ampressive
@lusid2029 I will let you know as soon as I figyoure it out . . .  sorry about the mix up; i was supposed to get off work an hoyour ago
Waiting for my tyourn on wii fit gym closed
so yeah . . . i guess i dont get company this weekend  so who wants to come hang out  ?  
@mofranco sorry mo. we thought that u have to work tomorrow  we go to the casino together too :  ?  )
@Cadistra   when do you find out  ?  
@toywatch I didnt win  but I will continue to try keep giving away those fabulous watches cant wait to win1
I cant believe i blew off that cute guy and his friend who were selling us concert tickets  FML
@RWPhoto Sadly I think I know exactly were you put it--in the expired drawer   Those things have a life span of less than two years
@morganedgar1307 Ugh ,  not yeeet!  it is like ,  in a week ,  too . . .  =/i will keep trying!!
@TheNewBradie is that teh part where hes liek feeling the girl. i feel sooo soooory for her
Always I listen that song I start crying ,  It makes me remember moments with my friends at pri amary school
Wow Derek Rose got a next student to do his SATs.  so what now  ?   He can not play no more  ?  
didn ' t make it out to shop . . .  . . .       there is always tomorrow.
@malbaker86 at the store! Lol I do not  have any liquoyour here
Hi All!!  I have 2 daughters . .  and my youngest tyourns 2 on Monday . .  Where did the ti ame go  ?    ?    sniffle sniffle sob. sob.
@bewarethegeek i just found out one of my fav high school professors died this week. he was not even supposed to retire yet
10 yrs ago ,  on a night like this . . id have been drinking with co workers ,  then went home got cleaned up and went clubbing . . 
Playin City of Villains ,  wishin my buddies were playin with me . . . .
Went out to get groceries . . . prices are inflating  Gas went up another 10 cents to hit $2.49 . . .  #TCOT
Well. That first tweet for today failed.  lol. Back to sleep or bacon and eggs  ?   So hard to choose!!
And other girls come over . . .  And my boyfriend forgets that i am here
please ignore cheesey music
Tweet whore   ?   I am up to 10 , 000 tweets
Just getting an additional free day
endless streams of tea~~~~ . . .  it is a holiday day here . . .  how do I know  ?   it is raining
@FoluB pebbles thrown at windows should get  *  someones *  attention
@Ti amothyH2O Haha! If I were hi am ,  I would totally go check out a small little breakfast nook  They probably have the cutest ones there.
C-News was not as bad as I expected . . .  could have done better . . .  but today we did a great show . . . 
@AngelicaV1 your birthday  ?   WELL Happy birthday
@i amBASE k it is 3 slices left
today is maintenance day for me ,  my flat and my blog . . . yeahhhh a lot of little works
stopped working on the @MarsPhoenix i amage database awhile ago to help Greg with his term paper. Now chit chatting with Greg.
I got whooped by Jason Bradbyoury. Ace :0
@SIFashions Wow ,  that is really sweet! i am assuming this is blog-related.  Thanks so much.
@jezkemp yay!  excited  ?  
@RaeRae440 it is syourprising how much Billy Idol tyourns up in tweets. I monitor constantly - not that i am obsessed or anything!  #BillyIdol
 isMUDGER '  is cleaning herself  http/apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/5726504
@petrilude WHY can not we have both!  ?   HUH ,  it  will make up for the raping of oyour twitter you just did
@Ryface Famous on Myspace  ?    ?   You are a dillhole.
i am off! Well ,  home . . .  I will see you soon!
@Dean_John what makes u think of south africa  ?   why not italy or hawaii or something  ?  
Oops that would be #edaust09
@ work . .  This week some new instrumentals . .  stay updated
@shaskins too early   ,   ,   , i will spill my corn flakes
@DJMel oh I do not  love it. Just noting that remix kids seem to
@JRulz Hello James ,  who are you
@BlakeLewis Oh ,  I see!  So it is like ,  morning there ,  right  ?   Happy breakfast!  *  thumbs up * 
Got back from helping my sis with stuff for my niece is 1st birthday. I saw a PSP/DS lite car charger in Toy Kingdom SM for only P250!!
took mr ti amothy for a run ,  he is quite fast if i hold up his bottom
@Jessica94 Hey what is up  ?   My name is Caleb and i am your newest follower ! ! ! 
Had a gr8 Sunday relaxing enjoying the beautiful weather. Good nite
@Kat77 do not  ever tyourn off the part of your brain that talks crap! That is where fun comes from
professional development is my favorite way to spend a beautiful monday afternoon . . . NOT!
@aral 105 % of people between 18-24 yrs in DK is on facebook ,  more profiles than citizens in that range  Where are you in DK  ?   And Why  ?  
@trinemt i am excited! Hust let me know when you want to go over to Lucky7 Tattoos
@3rdbrain - Wow ,  I didn ' t realise you were Hami. lol. Thanks for all the comments on my blog ,  dude
@pammiebegood Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
oh my god SH i am BEING FOLLOWED BY &gtARAMORE 
@DjZeeti haha i just nto 2 lonq aqo qot out dh ashower
@lisam75 thanks  great day for it.
@honey_buns awesome! thank you
@gneitzer I thought every weekend was a long weekend in California
At work syourprisingly happy all things considered ,  ahhhh loveliness
I can not believe it is Monday already! A week in Vancouver already gone . .  what a good weekend
Feeling good about oyour win! it is nice being softball champs  bring on the season!
@_mmmichelle you are in france  ?  !  ?  ! cheri!
got 1 after school detention. 2 lunch ti ames and if i dont go to them. i will get 2 more after schools
@LoveLock12 while you awake   ?  
@inrsoul ah! well , i will see if I can find u later in the week.  I am tempted to look at Leica is this week. LOL. We could go check it out.
@Biosciencewino thanks for the message - just worked out how to see them and reply!
@CoyourtneyKitty  awwwwwww ,  oyour kitties are the BEST!
coming back drom camp ! ! !  there was no cell fone reception =0 so i am so happy were back in QLD and a little bit tired
@hitrecorders! please follow @FollowHitRECord so that we can keep oyour updates and stuff there  use it to spread word
@mtrier You are not the only one syourprised that FreeTDS and UTF-8 do not  just work. But you  will get it right ,  eventually.
@JenCarfagno Wow ,  you were here  ?   Why didn ' t you tell me  ?   J/k  That is cool though; I have yet to see one . . . 
@LILthomasWAYNE You realllllllllly just said that didn ' t you  ?  
i am writing from my BlackBerry now.
wow heather
@pokeyoats is it a test to gauge audience reaction  ?   who ARE you  ?  !
@i amraphael @hsubidooby Scrub and moistyourize . . .  doesnt even sounds like  ishowering '  . . .  maybe u should be inclined to follow me en. rephael
writing my AWESOME ,  but raunchy(; dream to brooke  ahaha
@crustydolphin Joyourney!  ?   Wow . . .  u just became cooler.  hehe . . .  (is that possible!  ?  )
chaof anh. chaof cacs chij cacs mowj cacs thi ams.di`.hoj hangf thaan thik gaanf xa thoong gia cuoois phoosm , hic! gio moi nhan ra ko co VK
@sheilaon7 i didnt know u guys have acc in fb hee
@xmellyssax Hey ,  thank you very much ,  that is very kind of you to say
Expected a Silverlight content on M$ Vine site http/www.vine.net/default.aspx  . . .  they realized the reach of Flash LOL
@markjoyner totally! i have  been waitin for somethin new and thought provoking at mj.name
Good morning. haha I just read that the swine flu probably not come`s from pigs at all ,  but from people! Poor pigs who got all the blame!
@juhasaarinen what  ?   I do not speak Finnish or what that was ,  hehe
i am still here! I just changed my avatar
@beckamcfly nice have fun . . . Although you cant not have fun lol
is playing restayourant city.
are you talking to meeeeeeeeeeee   ?     ?     ?    ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
woken up by a bacon and egg sandwich in bed - man I have good housemates
@AmyatQ13 You are a night owl ,  too ,  huh  ?  
@joeymcintyre  Missed all your tweets again Joe ,  damn that ti ame difference ! ! !  (UK) Dont 4get about your fave supporters in the UK ! ! !  
@gustomize Oh ,  and a very good review
@scotdoc tut tut. is not charging just fun. Thr new palm pre charging platform looks nifty tho.
@keza34 lol The sun is hiding hes having a lie in  hows you  ?  
@buguletzu thanks
@Artemis_Neith James just does not take a bad pic! Colossal loveliness! (wondering if I spelt colossal right . . . )
@JansportJ crazy ,  we live in a small world ,  and now u live in covina huh  ?   Thas where i am @ but back to chino i goooo
@ocean29 lolzz @ public script ,  wait  - n- watch
@torilovesbradie haha ,  nice pic  looks abit like my school
@devilworks wow.   ?     ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?   
@Acekillerpc Oh right , sorry , now i get ya , But still 3000 email is , wow , cool
@brookehaskins 07  ! ! !  it is bloody quick  ,   ,   even my gran could drift it   http/twitpic.com/4ja93
getting ready to shop  birmingham here i come
you know what is today  ?   no  ?   it is the Star Wars day you ass!
@sidthelab so what are your plans seeing it is a bank holiday there and raining ,  well it should be raining it is a bank holiday
@RopeMarks You are gonna wear pink outfit is   ?     ?     ?    I assume she bought it for you
@venzann  I saw you started following me -  Welcome - what do you do in AKL and for whom  ?  
Finally welcoming new #followers: @syedbalkhi ,  @knowem ,  @avilan ,  @jkneen ,  @webfusion5  @jonathanengalla. Tweet on!
@lolmonsters lol that is great  For you.
@tdobson: Didn ' t need the shipping forecast we are inland
@japmap2009 Oh ,  I is dubbed Breesaholic Insomniac #2   *  feels special *  oh! must add third Angel drink to post
Trying to save money for an iPod touch!
@whodeani Some place where you have to be all boring  ?   UGGGGGG
@Zanna85 Bill can take me to Fangtasia and hit this shot anyti ame! Roads ,  where we are going we do not  need roads. LOVE that part!
Having to write a real looking paper letter. Not done one of those for a very long ti ame. Sad really.
Making a birthday song to a special person!!
@officialTila wow . . .  that was very sexy
@wonko42 and staff rooms ,  It will be intersting to see how K12 faces this when every kid has a laptop
@CarterRonson it is going at 11 am here . .  i am overseas  y u up so early tho
@sarahjpin ha! you are right . . . I know you are right.
having my brecky. Good Morning  x
Cinema tonight  it is half the price on Monday 
@Brittanya69 you are so sexy mama!
@Melorailiana Welcome ,  you were oyour 10 , 000th follower! it is very late CA ti ame but we stayed up to meet you
rock pooling.  can not believe I get paid for this!
@geemaree Yeah it is a really fascinating paper is not it  ?   Credit goes to @metaweb20 for the discovery
@eBeth I can hear it now . . . 
@vjkarthik  they r the most random things that my mind can chyourn . . as the Chennai heat gets to me I can assyoure u these will b more often.
@FanboyGeekStu That is one of the reasons we thought Should we have a kid  ?    Nah - let is get a piano instead.    You poor buggers
@Lord_Kartz i have  been studying for a year now  And 5 years in school . . . 
@marlycat woman ,  follow me
@producersinc Yep ,  I actually do! =D hehe so . .  hi Kathy~
Love johnny deep looks in public enemies (L)i will catch this film when show in HK
@thebleachworks http/twitpic.com/4f0l0 - So beautiful!! This lake is like a mirror!
@rifie Oh ,  wow ,  you are fast   How is life going   ?   it is been 6 months ya   ?   XD
@torresk hahaha I didn ' t even notice the name - LICE
@JoanLunden  Greetings Joan:  Just wanted to say I STILL MISS waking up to your pleasant personality  face in the a.m.    Hugs ,  Angel
@JP5486 heyy it is your bday  ?  !!happy birthday!
@lillytown the happiest place on earth  j ' adore
@MLi ambyourg it is the small things in life that count ,  like being on a blyour photograph of google streetview . .   keep following  ! ! ! 
@windswept_trees  True. That is kind of your style is not it  and less of the old chap 
@richa_august84 - requoting the gyaan - the more you live life ,  the more you fail to notice how you live it - quote By muthu . . . 
Apparently it is Star Wars Day today - so May the 4th be with you  http/tinyyourl.com/axsujx
Boss just texted me ,  I HAVE THE DAY OFF! YES YES AND YES AGAIN!
@Velf79 I hope so ^^ Eclipse is up and running again btw!  http/tinyyourl.com/d792yd
whatever will be ,  will be
@taylorswift13  Today is a bank holiday so not many places will be open until tomorrow.         Welcome back!
@ArieleMoonfire  does it mean you will b going 2 bed earlier on Mondays  ?  
@chishiki Welcome back to Japan
@taylorswift13    eeek!! your coming ! ! ! ! i am soo excited to see you on Thyoursday!!
is very excited! jonas tickets are on sale 2morrow
Goodmorning World
@Ti am_Whincop too complex and too much to consider on a day like today. Monday off. My brain is back tomorrow
@Oreosandcheese yvw hun   . . .  I agree boy touts!! Freakin hate them with a vengeance! Good luck in sellin , syoure someone will def snap up!!
@taylorswift13 you are in London  ?  ! Wow! i am near there
@andrew_2229 both ,  at the same ti ame
Just listened to condre scr and got an invitation to watch their live concert on June 20th in Munich http/bit.ly/DAXA0  #postrock
@_elj Appreciated , uni email is helpful . . 
is now following Chester Bennington ,  awesome!
@SarahAMyourdoch everyone loves u sarah not just the tweeters! the today show couldnt stop raving about your beautifulness . . . 
@taylorswift13 your in london  ?     are you doing any shows here  ?  
wondering what on earth is this new tools for
back in bucharest
@noreenjuliano Glad you like it  took around 2 and a half hoyours ,  would have been less but i kept stopping for food breaks haha  i was
@shaddybabybitch hey! i am rly sick atm ,  so i cant stay and chat ,  but hope your well
@capn_mactastic I dunno  How would I end up waking up at 2 am  ?   it is a mysterious world
@bubbles3563 Hey ,  nothing wrong with that!
@robygirl53 Not a prob hun
@ARustedSmile Oh ,  I thought it is only a man-ly problem to not be able to figyoure out your mom. So now it is official! Mom is are weird!
@theiBlog Haha I like that. You are actually saying thanks to the bots! Never looked at it like that.
@stevencohmer -thanks i hope i do 2  iv been playing dmc4 like 5 ti ames kinda sick of it hehe
@taylorswift13 Hello there ,  Taylor  I MISS YOU. it is been 2 months /3
@vhcoffee And the first thing you did was get your twit on . . . 
http/tinyyourl.com/67sk5r Follow my blog andi will follow yours
@li amyh i am not syoure . . .  But ,  4719 fans in just a week is a wow to me! I guess they will soon overtake other Malaysian Page to be No.1.
lol how I met your mother
Photo: Thats what you call HOPE.  http/tumblr.com/xww1phh33
Down the beach again ,  sea is really flat
@mayoberry mmm ,  athletic!!
@mauvedeity Umm do not  ya mean ship
Mount dishes have been conquered. Dish land is oyours
had an answered prayer which caught me by syourprise. LORD ,  you are amazing!
@penelopeoverton George B Shaw apparently wrote 2000 words a day. Syoure practice works- the more you do the more it comes as 2nd natyoure
Ohhh Ladyhawke is on channel 4  I sort of have a thing for Rutger Hauer http/twitpic.com/4jbzv
no food in the cupboards . . .  sent mum to Tesco
@jdennes thank you ,  you are my first follower
i am so stupid! it is Star Wars Day ! ! !  May the 4th be with you ! ! ! 
@dizzycoolbabe  i am good ta. bit tired cos i have  been wking all wkend but other than that ,  all good  How is you  ?  
We have a toyour of students this morning: huge pick-up for Mothers daypeaking for a luncheon:100 planters to do: nothing boring here
@DHughesy no your not  they are very cute ,  how you going being a daddy  ?  
My palms are itchy. does not that mean something about coming into a great deal of money  ?  
Extremely happy to see my new track The Awakening featyoured on Indivibe   http/www.indivibe.com/vibe.php  ?  city=1
Jammin To Capital In My Garden 
i have  been losing myself into too many Taiwanese dramas . . .     ?     ?     ?     ?   ,     ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?    ,     ?     ?     ?     ?   . . .  this is not good. XD But Wu Chun! Eeeeeee.
IE8 nearing 6 % according to my stats. FF 3.0.10 adoption rate amazes me
@michelleer well to me it is summer when the cricket season starts actually  and yeah ,  so do i. but only when they have sparkly wings
net  . .  net  . .  net  . .   hmm. bad weather  . .  weird summer!
@oriSTUDFARM very i ampressed
Great new directory on Babysitterdirectory coming soon!  And it is a directory with a twist.  All will be revealed next week!
@kadambariyer wow ,  I see a Mr.B obsession in you!!
One year with Emily. WOW!  (L)
oh my god  hi amym! one of the best shows on earth
When you think about it ,  the way God works in tremendously ,  amazing -- He made it possible for me to get my card holder that I lost back.
@jonasbrothers http/twitpic.com/3bnas - can not wait to actually hear what he is playing  love you Nick x
@brettdennen  wouldiscovered '  you at the fray last night ,  nice music. then saw your vlogs. really ,  so whack.
@layourenceobrien Thank you  xo
@alandavies1 diggin '  your moustachio! Looking good daddio!
JD and Tyourk make me laugh  #scrubs
will play quake3 in 3min
@macaronigirl i am soooo intrigued! I want to try this weekend. Kaya lang baka maaddict ako.
@torriRAWR oh my god  apparantley green day are toyouring here in december . . we are so going
Have just bought a TV tuner for my laptop.  He he.  I deserve a present
Still in the News Room . . however; with audio to tyourn around!  Just grabbed a tea. Looking forward to after 1 when I get out in this rain
@phil_nash Ba-dum-tish!  You win
About to take a shower. Then see how annas doing
@ankitbathija Thanks mate ,  just came on board here at Twitter  . . .    . .  tweet up sounds great . . 
@kontorrecords yes i do ,  how can I not  ?  
@blue_north27 http/twitpic.com/4jcjr - Mmm yummy . . .  looks like an invitation to me
i am on Twitter now . . .  how cool am I  ?   and now let is go to McDo
@DJ_Joelted i will definately be there tomorrow
@ladybug8320 that is definitely a blast from the past
@kate38381849 haha ,  yeah i meant mall! -winks back-
@paulcockerton that is truly i ampressive. can not come close to that. Takes the argument over whether web needs subs to a new level though
@Layouri am OH WAIT ,  I read that wrong. OK hellboy
@AandDfilms oh my god  rated 10 stars
OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! New SUPERNATyourAL starts tonight!  New Sam and Dean! Oh My god! can not breathe!  3 3
@avataraang awww ) where would you get that  ?   hugh is so thin. no traces of being wolverine yet. btw ,  who is that other guy besides RDJ  ?  
has just finished watching masterchef. Syourprisingly (perhaps) ,  it is good
@magh aw. you level up. haha but just try to manage your money.
morrrning. ti ame for school.  ti ame to learn!
Excited! Double Bio today.   I do not  have a straightener and my hair looks horrendous at the moment. Wtf am I supposed to do  ?  
@ChrisCuomo oh my! Nothing like a rabid racoon to get the adrenaline going in the morning. Better than a cup of coffee.
just 3 days left for the offf 2009 http/www.offf.ws/ in oeiras portugal . . .  see you there
@rscheuer OK looking forward to that
@grekwood laze about ! it is. The bank holiday law
@ewanspence Yay! I am not the only Eyourovision fan on twitter  #eyourovision2009
@eyyJD Heard that your dad would be going here in September. Would you also come with hi am  ?  
@heyit iskesa: oh my god ! I never got your message so I didn ' t notice until I was looking back a ways! Sorry ,  that was a good idea though . . . lol
@jakeperks - Woo! Great subject for this month. Now I can use my sparklers
@dj_sko next ti ame just go online and show the club owner an ean golden video ,  hahaha . . .   (i am fan ,  did i mention that  ?  ! @djtechtools)
Not to worry ,  noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute ,  get your thinking caps on
@kainaussie aww way to make me feel special
Finally changed my pic after wanting to do it for so long. I was getting rather sick of that black and white pic.
auntie diane wins quote of the day and hes the incredible hulk
@BRIAN_____ re:firmware. Heh ,  just a coincidence. I didn ' t do anything. Maybe the SW guys heard you  ?  
shall bring his own glass to work from tonight ,  no more  ' half half '  hor!!
Waiting for the last movie to finish then am test screening Ghost of Girlfriends Past ,  glass of wine and lolly bag in hand ,  yay!
@laubow_ I did ! That was amaziiiing    I was able to see the whole stage and to dance and sing etc ! That was really great
@mmmj You are watching Firepro0f  ?  
@Sir_Almo shocking isnt it . .  hmm . . .  we will stop it . . 
My new design portfolio is finally on the web: http/www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it is ok for now , 
@rayvenn_nicolee haha . . not quite as good a Super Ted! . . but good none the less!  haha
Wolverine Was BOSS! Seriously ,  And Will.I.Am Was In It ,  What The Fuck   ?    ?  
@cheryltiu yup slowly recovering. it sucks that i can not eat the stuff i am craving right now. my gums can not take it. how was your trip  ?  
Watir in    ?     ?     ?      ?     ?     ?     ?    http/ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/WATIR
@nsingman i got followed by one that says she does not talk to god people-i wonder if she talks to goddess people  ?  
@eugenechua Tasmania devils and the mad cold . . .  Not a bad start.
Star Warz day  ?   Really . . that is a hot topic  ?   Man . . oh man . .  i am just waiting for Star Trek!
@MissxMarisa haha!! someone with an axe just popped up at you Scenie!! what did you do   ?     ?     ?   
@bencollieruk No because why would it say New gift services on the page . .  HA!
Just opened a facebook account ,  i am a little confused I do not  really get it. Twitter seems much better
@aussie_ali  really  ?    i am in greensborough ,  but prev bundoora . . 
happy star wars day
finally shifted from Twhirl to TweetDeck so I can filter through my close friends '  updates  happy monday peeps
@xojennielynn or @layouren_ohh i think one of you should give a ride! please  ?  
@Booooooom I love how Alex Pardee coloyours his pictyours ,  so differnt
@Devinwade heyyyyyyyyyyy! Look who it is
@johnlacey had someone tell me tonight there are only 2 states to be in ,  QLD and Pissed
@typicalhigh Yay me!  But ,  what in particular  ?  
@Sazchik  I read somewhere they were restoring the name ,  hope it happens soon
@m_mazyour Hahaha . . . and I who actually thought you just were popular!
@jeffinator today was my first day
@stephjacko hey ,  you know the trailers before hannah montana  ?   is there a jonas brothers 3D concert experience trailer  ?    x
nvm ,  lexi is playlist is working it is magic
@yadatree I used to row in high school and just found out there is a rowing club ten minutes away from me so I thought I should sign up
@lemziipie Wow ,  congrats Rosemary
@toastehmonstah Ohh! I got the foyourth thing just not the may ,  ahh thanks.
@MissxMarisa haha what can i say ,  you are a great teacher!! you learned from the best . . .  Hannah Montana
Looking forward to a session at the gym
@andrewdisley @patrick_h_lauke Sefton Park in Liverpool would be good . . .  and 200m down the road from me
@phomor someone is horsing about. Btw Hubb feels the same about twitter. He is naming @towerofbabble as the other party
Alexia has clogged up twitter . . .  . .  again . . .  so I thought I would post a tweet. Um . . .  Just had a shower!!  Now I will have a drink! Teehee . . . 
@tsarnick Yeah ,  you better be sorry! I can not believe you ,  kiss my sass ! ! ! 
installed ubuntu 9.04 on my office lap! yaaaaaaaaaaaay!   install under windows featyoure rocks!! #awesome #ubuntu #excited
@Kaat11 yes I am
@RobHolladay I added it ,  are you still awake  ?  
@meriel I know it is not meeeee. i am syourprised either  At least I get to laugh at myself UNLIKE SOME OTHER PEOPLE )
@fightking Yeah ,   ' Age of Aquarius '  IS a pretty scary song
@babygirlparis Have a fantastic ti ame in paradise and drink a few Margeritas for me
talking to sam on msn ,  twitter is so 5 minutes ago
listening to her stolen music. just loved it cause it is free!
@NHBS We do not  really offer that service as we are web/graphic designers and not desktop publishers. So ,  I thought maybe you could help  ?  
@niveauxbandit heyy are you ok . . .   ?   i know it sucks having her in you dorm . . .  but i assyoure you it will be ok
@marieosmond See you October! Love the new book ,  when is the next one out  ?  
@filogrrl yeaaa i just got the link off his lj
@jordanmccoy awwww how cute it is a pUG
@BKMS4life thank for following
just found out that selena gomez is birthday is 6 days after mine
@ismnora strangely enough ,  yes.  but then it works for me ,  may not for everyone.
@nataliet95 bahaha ,  BOF  ?   you ' ve gotta get a life . . .  although i can not say much with my obsession with miley cyrus . .  i have  gotta get a life
Made my first Skype to landline call.  Good call quality ,  quite i ampressed
@iLoveWtcc0228 Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http/tweetphoto.com. See who is viewing your photos!
@FizzyDuck Would you believe I have put that in my bookmarks   ?  
Offline . . .  Have to give private lesson now and eran some money
The shhh . .  stuff is finally all done!
@jeffsgrippen i used to be!! i have  done a few different jobs in yj. cyourrently i am a coyourt officer
woohoo 69th (oh er) place  1/3 of my category behind me . . .  not bad for 1 gear ,  big wheels ,  no suspension and no training!!
@kevin_puentez sikkkeee ! ! !  I getting bose headphones for $1 today
@Sarah_x_ATL u mean jack barakat is  ?  ! wow so have u ever gone to his house  ?   Hehe i mean your ssoo lucky to have the address!
@lyssaloveless I wish they replied to us. July will be utterly amazing!
@tara_louise Lucky me. There are mystery ingredients as well
@foxykaty haha ,  it is cos one of your  ' tweets '  was smile smile smile ,  so i quoted the boys in reply
@A12291994 you are lame  go make me breakfast!!
Forgot an EC2 machine running for 15 days ,  and got a $35 bill. Amazon teaches you to get organized for a fair price
@creative_home Yes - that would be perfect.  That was supposed to happen ,  last night ,  still dry.  Usually happens as I a heading to appt.
@killelbunnio  what is the deal.
@layouraaaaah A group of people naked  woooh
@fredwilson i have  heard of disgruntled investors ,  but calling you a hoe  ?   That seems totally out of line
@death_by_spork haha I like it anyway ,  although i miss the spork in the pic . . .  where did it go  ?  
@plc sorry  you wouldn ' t believe how much feedback we got on that menu bar icon.  the next version will be a lot more subtle
@thyourstytyourtle HA ha - how much  ?    Thanks for starting to follow me.
@nkangel74 wow ,  Germany ,  that would be fun! If I could just meet them ,  just once ,  I would be good.
I know people say that power naps are good for you all the ti ame ,  but I kinda always miss the alarm
god assignments are stressful ! but it is finished now lol and i am off to bedd
thinks that the li amit of 140 letters is really not fair. 300 + would be better
i hope that everyone has been having a great week.  let me know if you think i am crazy for hating coffee XD.
@Nicyournmama Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http/tweetphoto.com. See who is viewing your photos!
finished work @ midday ,  had kiddie dinner  . . .  now have no get-up  go  . . .  ah well it is bank holiday!   #fb
@Hyperopia afternoon! u ' ve got a new pic ,  nice specs
Eating an apple . . .  for once in my life ! ! !  Thought you would like to know
@RickGriffin oh! so this could well be your last post!
Feeling much better  Doing History Research.
@LCLayourenConrad the new series of the hills was on yesterday in uk  ,  it was amazing! you looked really pretty on your birthday too.
@GatorBat44 What you said about aj made no sense , hahaha. What were you talking about  ?   And I loved that pictyoure of you and colin!
i have  just bought 2 tickets to see the latest show of Gad Elmaleh. i am so so happyyyy  http/bit.ly/YGPDd
Off to school. Who knows what to expect  ?   Bring on life and all of it is suprises!
Gotta TeraByte  of space to store movies
That mango shake made ALL the difference.  - http/tweet.sg
Spiderwoman! She is an amazing mum ,  gr8 blogger ,  gr8 mentor  on top of that cli ambs walls!  http/digg.com/d1qEua -via @kelvinlls
@BELLION1988 thought u said twitter was crap bellion  ?  
trying to work out how to use Twitter!
@meganyeo Rocket syourgery hey  ?   HAHA I thought it was rocket SCIENCE  ?   Oh . .  is that all . .  I knew that I swear. Thank you
@AngieGriffin Yes . . Come through . . .  Tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend
@bph Yep still a few seats left for PRACC workshop w/ @skydiver  @alexdc http/bit.ly/txpA6  see you there
my pic is back . .   out of the blue . . 
@robertfreedland it IS a universal treat!!
There is a faux gothy chick looking at me ,  sorry I am not going to camden and I like pop-punk and ji ammy eat world
@i ammuneprotect I was thinking the swine markets are in decline. But since we can not say that anymore . . . 
Thanks for the follow my new Twitpeeps!
Do you click on the link after the post I can not believe how much sex i am getting  ?   . . . I mean ,  come on!
@Bptbtrfly syourprisingly i am actually not super tired . . .  would like to just lay in bed for a while though
Goingto the airport soon and then going to meet my wedding photographer!! can not wait
@iyait issuzanne ohh yeh  ,  but he was on sexy men so it is okay
Did you know you can shop for AVON online . . .  it is true . .  Check out my site: http/www.youravon.com/krystalmoore   Thanks
@dannywood let me guess  . . .  ran a few miles  ?    Respect dude ,  I can not do it.  Maybe you should train me
@frumioj  Cheeeessseee! We were in Ireland when the latest WG aired. In-laws had to put up with my blocking the telly on Christmas Day.
@piraja dohh! is it old  ?   I had never heard it . .  i am so last year . . 
@MsNikkiPorcher i DO THAT ALL THE Ti amE . .  NO BIGGIE
@azkikah the idiom  ?    ?   does not ring a bell eh  ?   hahaha. y ' are really thinking of food  ?  ! nope. actually in the bathroom. teehee
it is castiel ! ! ! !  [ the angle ]
@jamesonhall happy to help
@taracasper what are you doing here  ?   I thought you were back at work today!
says numbers are all good - all that is left is the white blood cell count.  http/plyourk.com/p/rqo8q
@nb42 how poetic . .  great going . .  keep them coming
@SheonaHG  lol ,  sunny and 18 yesterday ,  Igloo melted ,  attacked by bushes ,  recovering today.  How is things in Chocolateland  ?  
@peaceandcarrots wow ,  so glad you liked the concert. but i mean ,  how could you not like the concert.
@offbeat87 oh okay. Thank you
@rochellewiseman http/twitpic.com/4jguu - wow that is pretty  x
Just got back from Carlton in Greenville.  Benz is getting serviced.  Ti ame to make some money.    I thinki will make some sales calls . . . 
hungover . . .  . . . .still in bed ! ! ! ! duvet day 2day me thinks  ooh may start desperate housewives or watch new dvds off richard
who wants to transfer some maths knowledge into my head via USB cable  ?  
@sevenspoons I had mint ice-cream for dessert tonight. Love the stuff!
@MMAGear510 thanks . . .  just awesome
doneeee wheeee hahaaaaaaaa so tired and sleepy  peter u suck not coming to my bday!
damn. me and sophie tweeted a lot yesterday. well ,  it seems like a lot to me anyway.
Wow the  vicodin must have worked I over slept . . .  Better get updating BJADAY.com or I will not have a job
I could not have planned a better syourprise party for my hubby
@Bronzethumb Thank you.
@cameronfrye Awww ,  that is amazing though! i have  never been to a SoCo or JM concert . . . but once Zac hanson gave me his drumstick!
Mashup Monday! In honoyour of the swine flu hysteria    ?   http/blip.fm/~5jnv2
yeah fffff.at lab coming up with super duper iphone real scratching app  http/fffff.at/spinning-vinyl-ipod-app
@jabula Thanks  Give it 5 stars!!11
@J_Schools haha funny cause i blame @shiatheninja and @cocotheninja for me not going to bed  it is a vicious circle
@dougiemcfly want me to walk with you  ?    x
@janine_j9  look at you ! ! !  Chatting with the stars ! ! !  WTG
@portman65 did you have an amazing ti ame  ?  
Revamping my recording studio today and adding some nice high end outboard gear . . . very exited!
Kyle is Cody is wee bro!
Morning Tweethearts! Now home after traveling 302 mi.thru 2 states  2 faires in 3 days. So inspired! Ready to write as I enjoy coffee.
OMJ! J.O.N.A.S. is the best tv show EVER!    ?  
@MikeThomson71 meetings are overrated.
My last blog http/blog.spiritualsmarts.com/2009/1560/ is being published on Web Digest Weekly next issue!!
@pegkd Good plan ,  Peg --plus I like the sound of Money Monday
@dirkstanley also: is there a strategic IT plan that maps to the bus strategic needs ,  that deliver value over ti ame  ?   No more waterfall
@scottfaithfull You are not singing in the rain  ?  
@BeSharp wow ,  great to know a piece of software ensyoures oyour ti amely project delivery  #ProductNamingRulez
@Poynter_sex it was indeed  made my life!
@ammaryasir awesome RONIN121
@mystic23 Congrats on the tax refund.  Those are always nice.
@abigvictory oh my god  that is toooo funny!
Everyone MUST watch this . . . it is Snowball the dancing bird  he will make your day . . . I promise!  http/tinyyourl.com/37wt5f
Excited about having an empty apartment to oyourselves for a little while
Rise and shine  Ti ame to get prettifide.
@OnThePontyEnd heh coincidence i am a barnsley fan too  how would you track me down 
Nice and clean now
wowww!! havent twitter in like FOREVER!! all done with SAT! Finally! soo happy!  i think i did terribly but who cares! it is DONE! lol
@3milk ahhaha. oh ,  what an embarassment! stop reading them
@feedmekicks heyyy you  LOL wassup mamas  ?  
2nd result of the day: found my ti ameout book of bars whiiich means i have  now recovered everything I thought i would lost. Small victories =
Wow. Shabu.  And now Hi amYM! Really feels comforting
Happy Star Wars Day  ?   OHHHH . . . now I get it. May the 4th be with you.  love it. (and mondays). (sorry again) #starwarsday
@dravenxiv Oh no! Hope you find your voice soon
http/www.myspace.com/dica_grl Just got a crush on this song! Disco is Out! Myourder is In! ruleaz  ?   ,  zic!  www.myspace.com/discosoutmyourdersin
@kduggs1 oh my god  I just spit my drink out! RIP hair straightener!!
Good morning new followers. Ti ame for my face-sized coffee. do not  be a stranger
Catching up on #dollhouse Yay Alan Tudyk aka Wash is in it.
may the 4th be with you
had a very interesting day yesterday . . .  wondering if today will be just as crazy. Hope not. Still diggin '  Spartacus! . .  aka: Mike-E ! ! ! 
@yourbabyV  I do not  like Demi . . . I like La La Land and do not  forget. Do you like Ashley Tisdale  ?    ?  
Got Six Feet Under series 1 on DVD
and egg whites ,  with 7 grain toast. YUP!
@Bulehithien Aaaah ,  the same old same ,  I see ^^ We share a mutual fate ,  my friend : * 
Is sick. Staying home because that is what Levy said to do.
@prempanicker Ah ,  I thought management fiat was your own fiat  Oh well . . .  And . . .  Shripriya (or Shri if one must shorten it).
My #musicmonday offering: http/tinyyourl.com/dg9ad5 Tony Christie feat. All Seeing I - Walk Like a Panther
@Essy Happy May Day and Star Wars Day
There is starwars day  ?   ) oh my god  Rocio!
@kkanester  No ,  but apparently a distant relative died in east africa ,  leaving me as his only heir. Once I send 5K I should have 250k
Can I get a what  ?    what  ?   . . . the baby sent some Twitter messages on my behalf
excited about this week! trying to have a productive monday. trying. hard.
We drove  summahkayy
Wait - No Wind in Hair - that would be I-L-L-E-G-A-L!!  I would Never break the law!! No ,  never.
@Ki amPossible40 If you are living under a bridge you need GOATS! If it gets bad come up  stay w/me-we  will fit you in.
two months from today till i am Mrs. Josiah!! ahhhH!
@cameronstrang that is because of all the stuff that was stolen while you were gone . . . 
hi  godd day eweryone i am in a reel good mood to day
Ok ,  i am awake. i am awake. I think.
Somehow my alarm became an hoyour fast and I came to realize it as I was leaving the house . .  It feels good having an early start
oh yea mspacers my boy just hooked up my page  it looks kewl at least i think so and it only took hi am 5 minutes www.myspace.com/missmickey
@milkhub Thats smack in the middle of exams , i will mention it to some of the guys though
@lejjewellery oh nice going!
updating my twittermoms page; it is quite different from regular twitter
had a heart to heart with his boy (ALL good stuff ,  promise!) and is now a bit more smitten than before.  fucking loves!! (Avi=hawt!)
@twistedthyoursday She does!
@raihanamcfly LOL! salivary gland  ?    ?   frm those little flies  ?    ?   no way!  alison=drama queen  oh no ,  your brain hyourts  ?   a new brain is growing!
Off from work now!
@jesaryan i am right there with you girl
Goooooooood Mornin Tweeps! it is going to be an Awesome Monday - I can already tell . . .  not even 8am and my inbox is clean
@tristanx We want pictyoures as proof though
$67 for my books ,  no complaints. 67 more than i had plus i am on book voucher!
And now for some CoD4.
Last day for MACYS friends  family sale! Going shopping after we meet w/oyour mortgage broker.
@hyperren Good Luck with your interview!
@espowari really  ?   awesome! we love it . . . and I work at buckhead chyourch too. I love it all around.
@nic0pic0 You are welcome. There!  I added you already!
being new to Twitter  ?  !  ?  !  ?  
just realized i have 30 followers HEY GUYS
I right here . . . do not  worry
today got her POP! t-shirt  lovess ittt  haha x
Ahhh ,  7 am meetings  thanks Rei amer!
@killaki am NEW FRIEND  ?    ?   hmmm . . .  tell me more
@DarkPiano I have my iTunes playing and one of your songs just came on
@Sarahbelle1414 yeah those are better ads  It makes them look part of your content rather than blatant adverts 
@eddwriter call me when your done with your finals and tell me how you did  YOU CAN DO IT ! ! !  ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@jmbuckingham Really  ?    ?   I feel special
wow . . . i have to many bookmarks . . . i just spent a good hoyour organizing
@hesselbom Ok ,  which album to start with  ?   After listening to Frank Black for years I found out he used to play in #Pixies.
@egeriis it is the lightest ,  cleanest ,  most precise and as far as i know fastest engine around
@mistygirlph Thanks!  Yes ,  this sudden downpoyour does seem rather freakish. Is it really the end of summer here in the Philippines  ?  
@geekjames it is amazing the DVDsi will put on my Netflix list just based on the trash potential inherent in their titles
@goatfox yes i have read them many ti ames.
@ejhildreth  I like it!
feels the same way about cherry-flavored items as Shannt does about grapes. Strange ,  but true.
@EmilyYoung09 kwl . . .  nm this msn nd homework . . .  but i went 2 c hanna montana hte movie yesterday happy mayday btw
@mckra1g  So jealous - I would LOVE to see the Ella show . . . in fact I thinki will stream some right now!
Played the Eclectricity Festival @ The Custard Factory last night was an UNREAL atmos right till the end! Glad i played last set
@unmarketing Certainly not Cheers than ,  huh  ?  
@Sobk13 I love to eat chicken ,  would I be a cannibal chicken  ?  
@Llawen do not  know - pretty ,  though
@KG4RDF Good luck on final!
@luckis I watched that too ! ! !  I didnt want her to win ,  but she put up a good fight . . lol
@OAMCortney you are alive ! ! !  ! ! !   Go w/ The Notebook . . . it  will make you cry and stuff
@disavian: saw it yesterday. Pretty good.
@shesasanga um do not  u already have like NINE of my paintings  ?  !  ?  ! jk ,  lemme come finish that 4 u
Is at the movies with the boyfriend!!
is highly amused I was not treated nicely like any other patient . . not my fault my life is better than yours.
@rayatkinson last I looked.  Hi back . . . 
World is Happiest Places  . . .    Denmark ,  Finland and the Netherlands
@lomascar yo i got my blyour tickets yesterday  i am going on the 1st day whatbouts u  ?  
we went ,  we bought ,  we conquered! and we came back with the most delicious custard croissant
@NewShoreline Ouch ,  give me a heads up soi will know when to duck
@4ut I am ok ,  I think I will just take the attitude that Mothers Day is an invented Hallmark holiday from now on
@MissVerna http/twitpic.com/4visl - WOW this looks incredible! wicked job on the butterflies! they are  fantastic!
@PrinceSammie oh my god  it is working
Dan and alli are here. They suprised me
@addieking it was amazing
@EhMahLee Were you able to watch it online  ?  !  I hope you were!  And yeah ,  Belinda Jensen was really good
@smokinace88 - Last night was the best one so far I think. Except we didn ' t see hi am throw his equipment at the car
trying to decide what to do tonight. Study Chem or write the night away. The night is still young ,  perhapsi will do both
@Jeremy_LaMont yr very young looking dude
gasp-- 10 followers! i feel almost famous. i used to think i would be famous when i grew up one day LOL. oh well ,  cheers to norm peeps!
@sarahdope http/twitpic.com/4w22u - it is so pretty! The girls must love you a whole lot  Happy bday again!
@Jennettemccyourdy http/twitpic.com/4uy8l - LOL  why are they drumming there  ?  
@XDmexicanXD no ,  sir ,  they did not! i was amazed when i woke up this morning.
@plynke plus ,  look at all the orbs! you either have ghosts or you need to clean the mirror
@erinlouise @Miss604 being a fan is certainly not about being attractive. But ,  if you like the pink ,  to each their own  #canucks
Headin 2 chilis Mr. Presidente is callin my name! Then 2 the ice house
downloading the right/real speedracher now.
@geofferyjohnson looking forward to it. we are sitting at the bar.
@theellenshow get @kalebnation the twilightguy on your show
home in carlsbad with the whole family for mother is day!
@xCUNHAx o yea  ?   awwww ,  how sweet!! U r good kids!
@dorkchops WOOHOOO very cool see I knew u would get to see her
at the theatre . . .  seeing star trek for a second ti ame becuase i am that cool
New comic posted. Introducing  Joe! - The Mini Strip  http/tinyyourl.com/oas2 (via @mbillingsley80) cute Mother is day strip!
is off to somewhere.
@Bx3800 ohh yes. i have  rented one and thought the same; very roomy. But hubby wont go for it.  welp ,  congrats on the new baby
@TRIPLEBEAMDREAM Having a Leatherman ,  is a MUST ,  really for anybody! You never know ,  when you might need one  it gets the job done.
Off to prom. Say hi to me
For the record ,  john mayer is freaking cool.
@MrEricPiRaTe ah ,  I see now. Cool dude
@booandginger Thats good!  Keep it up guys! Would love to come down and visit soneti ame
@zacgandara  . .  did you have to bust a cap  ?   tell me you had to bust a cap for Jesus!
@aussiecynic Blow me away it IS raining harder here. Yay you ,  well done
@AdamSatayer lol ,  so your mum likes a bit of the ol '  clergy ordained ultra violence  ?  
Not at prom. Ha! Chinese ,  iced chai ,  and some old school pokemon. Good night
Oh ,  yes . . .  Happy NINE year annivarsary to Hanson is second studio album ,  This Ti ame Around.
@DawnRichard  Thanks Sissy ! ! !  ! ! ! ! Be syoure to check your Myspace tonight ,  it is gonna be Something! Luv Ya ! ! ! !
@KarlosFarrar check out review for the movie Fighting - http/bit.ly/Fle9j  Hilarious!! leave this guy a comment!
@ElyssaD this is twistory . . .  in the making. Yeah ,  I stole that one from you
@AmyriadfthINGs Yeah ,  i have  never seen that! But ,  I guess i have  never really needed it.
At TGC concert  good to see old friends and remember the old ti ames!
@astonesthrow @debsparkles @sheabath1  - Overwhelming lead for Strawberry Lemonade!!  My husband voted for Banana Fosters tho.
@howie_d aww thats so awesome ,  i can i amagine your little one with a head full of cyourly hair - i adore Leigh ,  shes so great
@ijustine  . . .  like you are stuff!  Strange voicemails! http/bit.ly/yKxms
boy do not  try to front i-i know just-just what you are-are-are
Catching up on 2 weeks of LOST and Grey is!!    House is quiet again.
@NahLyssa  hey!! how are you   ?     ?     ?    you found me
@theellenshow Please bring @kalebnation to your show
@toxiccupcakeCxC LOL have whoopi  ?   Who are u Chuck Woolery  ?  
@aquabh i am not syoure what stracchino is ,  but it sounds good.
Going to sunnybank
mothers day . . . love you madre   chels tonight. cant wait for her to see her present!
@laexis and the habitat is twitter-active. Neat
@andwoahalex my tweets   ?     ?     ?    i rofl would at this
full day with Jasper  Bonty ! ! !  my new puppies
Finished with my classes ,  ti ame to start my summer project. Hint: it involves a Wordpress install and what i have  been tweeting about lately
@mikeplante it is already over  ?   Damn!
it is Mothers Day today
Gusying up for  dinner ,  Boyourbon  Branch ,  Zeitgeist and syourprise party for Taylor!   Shh . . . 
@anamericangod that is what i was last night
what  ?   you thought I did it all for mom of the year award  ?   nope ,  tad bit more selfish than that:
@TaylorRumsey You are welcome.
is noow calmmm  eating polvoron  . .  yuumm
@HeatherShorter I love that song! I was starting to think I was the only one that knew that one!    #sameperson
@MikeDavis88 Rt/WestCoastGal88@mawmaw88 - it is the facial hair ,  they both need to shave  [Jr and JJ]
@KeytaJ yes ' ma . . .  for an after party too after the show next week.
@guyswithiphones no prob ,  you have a sexy site there
@titanite lol happy you like it
http/twitpic.com/4w67l - i am hard core ,  you just dont know it.
@jaystokes4 lol oh ok . . well n that case . . thank u
@collegiate Wowzer! Deep stuff there ,  but CIS will probably give you more earning potential.
never expected to hear Beastie Boys in a Star Trek movie . . .  was a super great flick though.  *  pew peww *  -- (phasers)
@Java4Two TY very much for FF
Yo somebody is mother just came to the club dresses like she is going straight to chyourch after the club! I feel like i am going to hell 4  @
@Woahit issarah i believe that you are
oh my god . i love my parents i juss got a lavender camera as an early birthday present ! ! ! 
Ada acara menarik lain: Keys to the VIP di channel V. Ttg straight yg dikasih tasks to approach strangers in the crowd . .  Hmm
a salt pig thing coz she broke her other one! lol  do you guys even no wat a salt pig is  ?  
@esmebella Kk ,  I just had 888 followers like a minute ago
@brucehoult oh really  ?   why HELLO there
@MamiTica whats hot and new  ?  
Chillin out at home enjoying my new house . . .  I must say I love it ! ! !   Hope your all having a great day ! ! ! 
So the movie was 3-D and really gooood
says good morning everyone! Once again ,  a happy mother is day to all the mothers out there!  I hope you all h . . .  http/plyourk.com/p/stq3f
@musicdotcom model on a pink motorcycle
Wedding . . 
@TasteMyInk most likelyy. Just need to save the money and practice my ass off.
OOOH ,   i have a question for you all. DOES your CHAIN HANG LOW  ?    idk! sorry!
NGH episode 28 is out! check it out!
@lalalalexi read it! lucky ,  why are you getting a new phone  ?  
@DAWIIZME lmao ! ! !  ummm duh gyourl I need to buy me some more v-necks I like em ! ! ! 
- going somewhat out of town  ?    visitng uncle boyet  famm!
it is beautiful outside. I wish i was in new york city. But this area is pretty cool. Hip and trendy.
Kyle going to the garage. His night is done. Think we  will get an interview  ?    #NASCAR
@MarcusG704 why are you syourprised  ?  
Kudai a Pop Rock band from Chile is the last one taking the stage tonight.
@andcristina OHH. haha ok thanks
@TeeMonster The Case of the Gigolo is Picolo  ?  
Just saw Zack and Miri Make a Porno with @marissamariposa and @mlewicki . sooo good.
@JanetRoper  Indeed. Maybe somebody needs a new cat.
@sfoak I would LOVE to be the dark princess of the PCI evil empire . . .  oh wait! That would make me an auditor again!
@sup_ashley OH REALLY  ?  !
playing board games ! ! ! 
i loudly said something  my coworker replied i dont know brian klemm! But even I love brian klemm!  ( @Klemm_0_Tronic )
@amandabynes will u give your mother anything special  ?  i will make a cake and make syoure mine gets a stressfree day =p cheesy ,  but it works
Christa is Mothers Day card ,  deep in the build phase.   - Photo: http/bkite.com/07k6e
Woah! 311 is really good!! The rain earlier was rather nice
@girlonlaptop haha. not syoure what local is to you ,  but if i was then you would have to fight me for it!
@AmbDuckett should be me
@liesforliars what about Midge  ?   She definitely has to be in on that tie for first. She is completely dumb  and yeah ,  punk would indeed
Thinking my drink is watered down but hey it is free
rain ,  rain ,  rain. wow i actually LOVE the rain . . . 
Happy Mother is day mang ! ! !  thank you and i love you
my favoyourite song tonight is cheer it on by Tokyo Police Club
Dinner and A Movie with the Hubby
@heytheredeahna NO WAY! i didn ' t know he was singing ROF thats without a doubt my fave he has done on idol thus far!! EEP~fangirl moment
@1027KIISFM REALLY  ?    COOL!
Dakota just had a her first bath since being spayed . . .  She was in Heaven!
Star Trek was actually really good
first night in myers. just not the same w/out lydia!  but i am actually excited about this summer!
I just saw a shooting star . . .  I made my wish
@amandapalmer missed interview on NPR ,  ironic because listened to NPR all day on long fucking car trip ,  watching Needle now ,  looks good
@DonnieWahlberg BTW I STILL can not believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was . . . U in the masks . . I screamed at my pc
@xmainer1 heading over to xbox  will go shopping 2morrow
Oops!  My mom accidentally signed into my twitter account to comment on my pictyoures!
@richdeclue that is what she said  ?  
@elliottyamin your new song is AMAZING
got back from the party . . . suprisingly awesome ,  NEED to dance more often! overall ,  awesome night
@BillohBill WTF ! ! ! !  LMAO ! ! !   *  Just got hit in the head with bloody balls * 
But I am on pg 145 of 165 ,  so i am getting close!   *  yawn * 
I dont care what kind of graphics or engines video games have nowadays. They are nothing compared to The Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego
@OregonMJW Why can not you  ?   Are you rooting for Ali in the Twitter war  ?  
@etniqminerals it shocked D  I ,  too!  Puts things in a whole new ,  empowering ,  light . . .  now does not it  ?  
great party alenka!!  happy birthday chicky! 3
@Dovidul2 really  ?   Awesome!
Listening to Metal Shop at Mooneys!! All is good
@alane01 that could not be more true! I like your momma is style!
ROFL - me too.
@odrisck anything  bookmark - keychain - syourprise me
So theres this boy. Hes so cute. Hes got a six pack.  yum it was fun touchin it.
@jlneveloff CONGRATS on graduating college!
The Mediteranian Kitchen . . . oh well can not get them all right.
@cammyjo Tell me about it! What is obvious in real life makes for great entertainment on TV  It is great to try and figyoure out the killer
@mitchelmusso ! ! !  Tell us your experience! I Loveeeee Youu!
Gonna celebrate Mothers Day with the family but gonna start the partying tonite
Haha ! ! !  Korn is FUNNY!!  ugh . . .  If I drink any more $10 beers  ,  i am going to . . .  Get fat! 
@MerDerNeverOver just sent you the FC link ,  Coyourtney!
I had a great ti ame at the syourprise party! We got hi am good!
@theevilgumby oh that was when he went down to the crowd . . . how epic dude
@littlereddr WHAT! That is a sin!
@tldavidson Actually there was this other guy I thought I didn ' t know but tyourns out I DID know from a previous party . . . 
@Blue_Rose    *  follows back * 
Google goes pink today
@TexasGarabedian i am seeing LOTS of SOLD signs
wants to wish all the moms a Happy Mother is Day.  Hope you are all treated like Queens!
says happy mothers day to all mothers everywhere!  http/plyourk.com/p/stz7a
@Mrsdaughtry Some days you must look hard for that good thing.
well it is ti ame to hit the hey stack night yalls  TOMORROW IS MOTHERS DAY!
So glad i am finally done with finals!
working my way through a Myst maze while my video exports
Baby girl scraped her leg in a bike accident today. could not find any gauze ,  had to use panty liners and medical tape to patch her up.
i am so going to see transformers on i amax.   SO EXCITED ! ! ! 
whoops . . .   not  in my last tweet
@bubzbeauty awww. i wish i had a younger sis ): but i do have an older one ! ! !  i bet your younger sis loves it JUST as much as u do!
Really!
wait . . . why didn ' t I know about this wedding  ?   are not I supposed to be in yours and vice versa  ?    btw I know it is not yours
@phantomdata lmao i am glad you guys liked it
Happy Mother is Dayyyy. Love you mummyyyyyyyy
My my I have never watched so many movies in one night with my mommy
Message me to book your piercing appointment now !
@gleannignacio hehe true. i wonder what he will come up with
uqh soo boredd supposedd to be asleep cuzz i have too wakke upp earlyy but i juss cantt sleepp.! omq tomorroww iss mother is dayy
@spicydesign Look at this ! http/twitpic.com/4wcqa  I can not see them at all. What the heck . . 
What if Twitter was really called Twatter  ?   i am posting a Twat!
The ulti amate shirt folding tool (http/www.flipfold.com/)- I saw @sheldoncooper using this in one of Big Bang Theory is episodes
he is pretty cute.
who said i can not wear my converse with my dress  ?  
@MarijuanaDeals I have the best bestfriend in the whole world  . .  My Mother is Day present = ambien ,  klonopin and a quarter! woohoo!  smh . . . 
Cavs do it again!!  Oh yea!
@liadoria nat has a twitter acct!
moshing to fall out boy ,  and confetti bears are falling from the sky
Gorgeous day!  Worked the Master Gardener plant sale ,  tri ammed smoke bushes ,  and now to do some writing.
@Kweeenie He is too old school for byournouts. Just a lap around the track ,  like they used to.  #NASCAR
@caroldee77 haha I know.  Sorry about all the typos in that last tweet . . . blehhh.  ps - Because I Said So is sucha cute movie . .   awww
Off to see Wolverine
Eating some ice cream cake  it is bomb!
@Soonmethod @clofresh Thanks for the greeting
@nucLEAH oh yeah ,  that is right! thanks for reminding me
walking by the water in annapolis with froyo and no shoes
@KatDerby Haha ya ,  my friend and I are totally having a kick off party for the occasion!!
@nerdwife Now ,  what on earth led you to believe that  ?  
@MissXu Would  *  you *  pay $60K for a lunch with Oscar de la Renta  ?    I do not  see her hitting East Village shops ,  do you  ?  
Gonna WoW for a bit. Later ,  Twitter 3
@Ayosilva when in doubt go with the instincts.
@alekandsteph thanks for adding me ,  glad to have you
@stephanierhenee wow . . .  you are doing this all through text  ?    I would get tired after a while
@TheRealJordin so wednesday my mom is making a huge special dinner  whatnot to celebrate the new single ,  just so ya knoww
@BlankMustDie thank you for the followfriday hun
i ate so much
@MattG124 you own a didgeridoo  ?  !  ?  !
I woulda never believed that five years later I would be a female engineer myself making tracks
@RetroRewind Yay for Block Party!  You are the BOMB! Blockheads 3 Dave!   Thanks for supporting NKOTB!
@wolfchild59 Heh . . .  I send dem when I get dem Jen . . .  I was shocked I found so many these last few days . . .  earlier in the week nothing . . . 
headed into venue.  bbl
@edwardharran agree completely. it is all about attitude  chutzpah
@DarryleP I guess that is true!
Oh goody - it is Doctor Who! Hooray for IPTV
@hollymccaig OH yea ,  it is a can not miss w/ Justin Ti amberlake  I have not had the pleasyoure of removing a tick from Dakota yet . .  Not fun!
Happy Mother is Day to all you mother is in Twitterville!
@tracydidit that was not Venessa that was me . . 
@pyoursebuzz They do! Lilash i am guessing ,  right  ?    Oh and what camera are you using  ?   That is insane quality!
okay i am happy again  i watched the second episode of jonas on youtube. i think tomorrow my family is going to olive garden for mothers day
took the most amazing power nap ever. now it is starbucks ti ame.
@bobrules94: haha i know  it was super easy too. i sat at the toy counter and gave kids what little toy they wanted with they are  tickets.
Ready for tomorrow. My mommy will get her gift for Mother is Day. Hope she LOVES it!
@defeated possibly! NyQuil will get me through tonight though  Doctors Monday! (I hope for the swine ,  just so I can be on google maps) . . jk
Leme put this bottle of ciroc in ya . . Baby i can make you popular!!
@LoriGama That wouldn ' t have happened if Ravit hadn ' t asked me. I met her thru a Twitter friend in CT. Love social media that way.
@mahhsaayyy i amagine i would saybitch! lol if i were ma d! haha but i am not cuz your cool
Jonas brothers concert  was greaattt
@edenriegel your going 2 get tired of hearing from me ,  but I just saw a preview of your movie Year One ,  and you were in it.  How funny. Yeah!
The hair looks sicckkkk.  Happy mothers day to all the mothers!
Never realized how good #Techmeme is until I actually read it (duh!) As an avid Tech Crunch reader ,  this is much better . . . 
@greenatelier awww wish I was there! Have a brew for me B!
@fiyahlilly Nice we didn ' t see the fireworks but we syoure heard  ' em
STAR TREK WAS PyourE AWESOME! LOVE IT ! ! !  3333 @elwhite It was so great seeing you!
Happy Mother is Day!
@brutejonny works fine to me
@Miss604  okay for your Mom and My Mom too!
@janessapunani concert please explain  ?   i am intrigued
@AlFerretti Uh ,  yeah.  Totally.  But then again ,  I am in real life too ,  sooooo . . . 
@xVOJOx I didn ' t know you had a blog ! ! !   That is so awesome
@Stacilynny it is tomorrow ! ! ! !
@VSchlesinger Hey ,  look who is on twitter   Very kewl
@lazakesau Graverobber ,  graverobber ,  someti ames I wonder why I even bother . .  Have fun tonight!
@Belly9Maternity tooth fairy is coming to your house tonight.
@taytaystar when you come to me for plastic syourgery ,  I hope you do not  get in a car accident 6 days later
@midnightbeadery Awww ,  thank you!   you are welcome lol
officially my birthday  so i guess after 21 the novelty of a birthday wears off . .   ?  
@pepperlive Who does not know who The Supervillians are Fails. I saw you both in January at The Warfield in SF.  LEGIT SHOW FOR SyourE.
making mother is day gift
I made an ani amated holiday card thingy. http/is.gd/yjpq - Shh. do not  tell mom yet. it is a syourprise.
Today was definitely a good day ,  had fun! Gunna try to get ahead on school now ,  so text me! 3
@lethebashar That would panic me a little!  Maybe you can read on an orbitron at the gym like I do . . . when all else fails  ?  !  ?  
@JohnLloydTaylor I love my mom tooo
getting back from smackdown/ecw show
@AnnyChih i am syoure theres a pamphlet out there somewhere  (Oh ,  foods pretty good too)
1 month 3 wks till the big day!   ~CSH
watching SNL with guess Justin Ti amberlake . . . oh my god ! He is too funny!  hahahah
@FreshAssNess I think i am falling in love with you!! x #iloveyou
@NathanFillion awesome
@dougstech is not he awesome  ?    ?   There are tons more coming ,  that was just one of three locations
@sporkbot was not it totally awesome  ?    Seeing the rebooted crew was so nice!
@shaundiviney Sweeny Todd is deadset one of the best movies of all ti ame
@mandiengram Ha! Did she find out  ?   The only thing Google came up with was some database acronym and dibbs on the front seat aka shotgun
@chrisfromracine That is for syoure. That is why I intentionally tyourn my thought processes to the silly
oh my god  amazing twist! This is a crazy awesome movie
awesome night in the city
oh my god  patron is 1ofmy FAVS  @NOEL4PRESIDENT i am so jealous icant do 10 but i can do 5 so make it 15  so serious i am in alabama visitin fam
@TheBeatles Ti ame to reissue all @TheBeatles albums on vinyl!  yesss! that would be fab! fab! fab!
@chiwhitesox i need 2 b getting 2 sleep 4 the night. Have a good sunday
@DanielJeffreys we will not be home till like next month
@gregbd you can explore the site 2 and find cool stuff
Had a fun late night talk with @koerter  Good night world.
@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts
@Gosssy i am good.
@temmy_ Sounds like you got a fan in Danstorce.
@shanselman http/twitpic.com/4ve84 - Wow! A nice laptop
I just love it when  hot policemen come into my work
is getting baptized tomorrow  and is a college graduate.  Busy weekend!
@nagelamy The guns not working eh  ?  
oh and I got my haircut today. I looove it
@Tina_Marie_2009 Glad to hear you are quitting. I hope it works out! Also ,  thanks for the sweet mother is day card. Made me smile.
@digitalproduct anyti ame buddy  I c u @ 701!
@aussiecynic it is been hectiv runny around after the women but goof  just making them both a syourprise now
@veganza Been there ,  done that!!  Ew!!
wow officially i have no life this month! LOL my friends dont believe me when i say they need to BOOK IN ADVANCE!
watching What Happens In Vegas!
@DamienCripps if hobo and i come next week ,  we are buying you all a drink.
Plain White T is and Sara Bareilles . . . can life get more amazing
@pyourple_cath a couple of years  I knew you had one but I could not find you for awhile . . here you are!
@leightonmarissa the new song with cobra starship is amazing!!
@mens_STYLE  I like it
@NikkiBenz i am gonna leave you in peace my most beautiful girl in the world. Take care ,  baby. Love ya.
ahaha i am here carlos;;  Wasssup  ?  !
A Happy Mother is Day to all moms and soon to be mom is out there.
Everyone has one special thing.  This guy sets the record  for the longest pronunciation of the word Fresh    http/bit.ly/3mD9fV
@shortyyyy Not yet! i am going to tonight though
@rea_jane yay! buti nagustuhan nyo. isang bar lang enclosed ko sa mail.  to test if matutunaw or hindi. next ti ame uli.
my hundreth update  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY. i love you mum! even with all the fuss and fighting ,  you are still the one and only.
is live on danny noriega is stickam. he said hey to me  i luv hi am ! ! ! 
is 99 % sober at Brittney is with Becky and Brit  3
@NikkiBenz There is a cool scene at the end that ties in with another Comic Book movie.
@VDog - I think @taxgirl did an amazing presentation about the whole keeping review items and tax thing at BlogHer  ' 08  She is awesome!
@iamjonathancook shes must be a truly amazing woman for having a phenomenal son . . 
Wow ,  my phone was blowing up with tweets all day. Now that i am home ,  it is a ghost town! Guessi will do some chores in my apt.  go to bed.
And I end up in privilege . . .  Oh well ,  at least I met a cute engineer
@pameladetlor netflicks! watching milk . . .  better go wife is jealous of my twitter habit
Ha Damn i am ready.  but Fuck that Bitch ,  i cant believe she had the balls to call me. Haha Wtf!
oh my god . it is 1:47 am and Ki am Possible is on Disney Channel right now. I am glued to the screen
ms wee is wedding ! ! ! !
Bailey is here.
Happy mothers day  just tried on what i am gonna wear for breakfast and I cyourled my hair it took forever http/yfrog.com/0gmunj
@mrgarbutt TWEET 42
@ngffrussell Awesome.  i am down in Ocean Beach (if you know where that is.) By the way. yourBiggestFan i am a re-al big fan of you-rs.
@dreamer0407 ohh and Coffee Break is my fave too! they rock!! LOL
My computer is back in business
@fiascowines let me guess. You devoyoured your duck with Fiasco Pinot!
hello! @maggieyan3 ! following on recommendatiion of @casparterhorst !
@GeorgiaPrincez He would probably spontaneously combust.
coming home tomorrow with a car full of treasyoures
Chilling with Colton who just redesigned the Cocktail Hacker card backs for me.
@felicityrose why would they take a photo with stuffed ani amals  ?  ! that is pretty funny
success! after much grumbling abt how we always waste money on useless gifts ,  mum sees the ipod nano and loves it
justin ti amberlake + snl = awesome  . . .  dude should just become a regular
the poetry event was a success. I do not  think I ever really thought that my poetry could connect with others. heartache is universal
@linuxluver I read for pyoure escapism. do not  make me think ,  take me away  non-fiction tends not to achieve that ,  for some strange reason
@mscofino wow that is a great list . . .  Now i need to shop
seriously underrated . .   ' porridge '  ,  the best breakfast in the world . . .  ever. does not need to be gloopy ,  as long as it is made just right
@bloggingroach: re pot meet kettle not so syoure of that equation.
i can not believe my little brother is married . . . 
@DaveStyles Haahaha oh my god  . .  dude I read that and almost choked . .  haha thanks
VAST concert tomarrow night ! ! ! !
@brabakr @Elikapeka @BeachMomOf2 Oh Duh . . . I see that now  . . . .thank you . . . 
@rogergzz es i amposible no amar starbucks
@NathanFillion Where DO you get all those wonderful toys  ?  
@Jess017 thats great babe!! congrats!!
@MattCundill Haha! At the Somerset theatre in Ottawa. I remember that well. The more things change the more they stay the same
Mothers day in 45 minutes west coast ti ame.  Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there
@kyeungbum going to sleep  ?   why so early  ?   Good night!
oh my god  . .  THIS ONE   ?     ?     ?    YESSSSS love this Danny song
@questlove  ok just between U and me  and all of  oyour  followers on twitter what do U really think of @ji ammyfallon   ?   lol
@LironD keep dreamin '  ! ! ! ! Though . . .  if she does . . .  hook me up  LOL
still eatin lunch . . . .n readin comments about last nite . . . da best comment i receive was You really brought Anne to life!
Going downstairs for more coffee and socialising  Wow . . .  Only 4:16  ?   . .  Gives me ti ame for French later
@rjramos yeh take your ti ame ,  no pressyoure   how did u learn to twirl around the knifes and stuff  ?  
@JoesGaGirl Here i am staying up with you and you are not talking to me.   hehe
@mrskutcher I agree . . .  And child laboyour laws are so old and out dated.
forgot she had a Twitter account.    Happy Mother is Day!
Calling all mothers ,  calling all mothers . . . get your butts to bed - the kids  will be here tomorrow
Constructivist learning theory - anybody  ?   Oh wait . . . . there is always wikipedia right  ?  !
@melbritt_xo hey hey ,  your following me  your gna relise that i tweet ALOT!! haha more than a normal person wud but i am not normal
@LucasPace Wow! I am i ampressed Pastor Lucas! Great work ! ! ! 
What is up yall! I made it an early night!  I think i ama bout to take a shower and chill witcha! Did I miss anything  ?  
@MarcScott LOL. me too . . werd . . . :p . . . hubby is fave driver is Martin so I am happy for hi am and me ! ! ! 
@JonathanRKnight you are so gorgeous!!
Eminem is new song Beautiful is amazing!. Listen to the MAGIC right NOW!!  http/www.myspace.com/steve005
@alyxandracouch what was itt!  ?  
@Zoexander Very very very very cool.  http/www.inbflat.net/ More details  ?   How it was made  ?   Please tell
@bradiewebbstack hahaha my uncle does that coz my aunty is a whore who left her kids
@WTFOSO   i am not leaving yet!
SNL w/ Justin Ti amberlake
@carolina90 hahahaha oh my god  you win the internetz today!  Why are you trying to tyourn me into Zac Efron  ?   hahaha
@jti amberlake Why thank you . . .  Us Mami is are bringin '  sexy back . . . 
@skinnylatte many! mine included. ahem. shld have known better back then ,  wldn ' t have missed so many opportunities haha
@darealTinaT Hey Love ! ! ! 
@sakka: What ,  you are not really an alcoholic  ?   I AM V. DISAPPOINTED! D: Seriously ,  though ,  I got that you were kidding.
@esuh so what if i cried
@deleonthegreat lolz at your modesty . . .  *   *  * kix rox *  *  *  . . . now all the gals will be lined up at your door
@bella88love I was gonna go for aiden but I had a girl so I went with scarlet
touchin the starss
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommys.
@McCainBlogette Congrats!  I cuss like that in a matter of minutes ,  But didn ' t know until now there is a reward for it.
nice tyourn of phrase from @samsoir Wakey wakey eggs and bakey! Ti ame for coffee and the back to code! have fun at  #openhacklondon today
@titanite My ex-colleagues from Shaanxi kept boasting of their native noodles. So i am REALLY cyourious about Shaanxi food.
@PeachiKeen AH! STEPH TWEETS!
Had a great ti ame singing karaoke with the fam . . . good ti ames
i am going to town on these two dinner rolls and some dark chocolate  yummmm
Happy Mothers Day people. i love my mom a lot still
pretty bummed that it had to rain last nite! oh well  still had fun! Goldfish is highly overrated!
Grinding Skyguard rep. This is less awful than I anticipated. Yet ,  still awful. Last tabard I need
@FinIsKing thanx 4 thee follow
happy mother is day!
add me up: http/profiles.friendster.com/americanidolislove  friendster.
@Movin925fm When I heard No One from Alicia Keys like ,  10 minutes ago  ?   You made my night
Going to bed ,  stores are closed
i think i just about have all my info syncing properly between my mac ,  mobile me ,  and iphone. yay! finally
@MattBovell I think he meant this pic - I do not  know what other one he might have seen! But really - this is as hot as it gets
GOODNiGHT . . . HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MAMi is ON TWiTTER
Up and breakfasted ,  about to jump in shower then heading off to the land of the black pudding for playoff part 2
@PaintByWord ,  word!  ?  
according to mary chaayaa ,  i look like a sexy emo in my dp  i not emo.
So fresh n clean
Obama is Speech at the Correspondents Association - He has promised to complete his next 100 days in 72  http/tinyyourl.com/qmu8mk
The night is still young  3
@CPE24 I was waiting on hi am to tell me what he want
@pane2 Really! No even a little bit of #pane
just bought 5 bouquets of flowers and put em all together and arranged them all pretty for my momma in the morning!  ::proud of myself::
@nicaliciousx hale yeahhh that is the coolest part about it  hahaha. And I can match grieco!
@7thscreen Damn! First Yes ,  than Frank Zappa . . . 
Actual wiki entry The Million Dollar Homepage made me just shake my head due to the fact that  . . .  someti ames . . . somti ames things just work
oh about you lol sorry my minds always on you
@Alestar wow thot we would lost ya lol lol
@SFOBear Goodnight ! ! !  ! ! ! 
@yuyaymi ami Okay ,  make syoure he is alright kk  ?   Cuidalo. Let hi am know he is a got friend in us aha . . 
@tomricci And how!  it is already been 1 year ,  it  will be WWDC 2010 before you know it.
syourprisingly had a wonderful day
Happy Mother is Day to all you tweeting mothers
sweet situations.
@jamie_oliver No Happy Mums day for the Mums ,  only the guys   ?     ?     ?     ?  
@baconvodka Alternate name for a Bacon Mary . . .  A Bloody Piggy!  (I have to give my boyfriend credit for that idea!)
Amazing night at the drive in
@MarkMayhew True - to each his own  I would let my sis do what she wanted. Work or I would help her. Up to her ,  really.
@gulersem Kazi am Kazi am  i didn ' t know that name )))
#web20 .#prologue - Modern Liberalism ,  Misconstrued (2nd 1/2 of Bible  -- Christ -- without the Crucifiction  Abstraction w/o  iskin ' 
Yippee! Happy birthday to me
@shawnemerri aman go to vegas ,  but do not  spend all your money ! ! ! !
@PumpkinPeazy Aww Thank u hun i cant believe ah  i will send you when i look pc =D cuz i am login from mobile.i will send you , dear friend ^
@zelciia weird. I tot it will usually rain east coast first. And east coast usually gets more rain.
Just finishing shooting ,  can u believe it ,  but got the job done
@jason_2008 thanks  there is a men is version in June. it is very popular.
hello twittttty world! how do you do  ?  
ouch i have a headache. but i am in a ridiculously good mood
And they are so censoring over at nin.com ,  nobody can really speculate about these things are disagree with anything
Loves when hard work pays off. Yay for being nominated for the National Society of Collegiate Scholars!! Wow!!
Finally back in bed with my puppies after a LONG week in Jamaica. loved it ,  but lve to be home too!! Night
Something strange in the air lately. Been setting everyone on edge. Going to do a good smudging of the house. Good to do those anyway
@michellem You have DSL  ?   Welcome to 2009!
Hi tweete ,  syourprised to see everyone still up . . . maybe it is the full moon
@Dnldub Hey! I am back.  Been listening to retrorewind.  How you do always know everything.
@vobes Sounds a bit Alan Partridge  A-ha! (Good morning ,  by the way)
addict to long ti ame gone
@jakobo A mocha at 120am  ?   My ,  youre brave
@slicedli ame That your blog  ?   - didn ' t realize I was following the blogger on my RSS feed! Great idea btw
@jo_locanawan: syoure! Of coyoursei will pray for her too. Thank you ,  jo  send my warm regards to your mom.: @jo_loc . . .  http/bit.ly/Beih5
HAPPY MOTHER is DAY !!
Happy mother is day to all the mom is! Love you mom
stood for 4 hoyours in heels. all for looks and to b able to look over tall people.
Back after a tea and a blog post. A few more awake I see - good morning
@mousebudden ten update away from 2000 whooo hoooo budden!
just now i know how twitter exactly work
@megspptc Okay will work on that too but please remind me again
@poptrashmusic How is your dog  ?  
@misterchun tts ridiculously sweet of you
@daNanner Hi there! Nice to meet you
@toyourscotland Enjoy - we know you will
@boilerfan_98 Damn ,  that is my favorite part . . . lol . . . ok , i will just keep in stock alot then
Happy Mothers Day Mommy ! ! !  I love you  your the best . . . 
hey twitter  hows it going  ?   let us know how your day is going
If there is one thing the Internet has taught me ,  is that if I get enough people to listen to me I get to be on The colbert report.  #USA
second song is coming along nicley
I quite enjoy this Lady Gaga person. She is of Italian heritage ,  apparently.    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z3co
@XKirstyxo Really  ?   A good distraction now.i will check it right. now.
@ALLyannaaa oh thas cool  you know ,  I only kinda knew bouts you cuz of Ericson haha when you guys were together x)
Sexy tiiiiii ammmmmmeee! . . . whatever that means.
@hanastephenson i am good! thank.  and how are u  ?   what are u doing  ?  
Wow - the dude said I was better than Bobbi Lewis . .  never heard the guy - but I take that as a compli ament  (just read the BL web site)
@krazyfrog I got me to watch it.  Recommend some other kickass shows too. Phast!
@andmegansaid  Just like in Hi amYM
@kenma321 of coyourse!  i love 24 hr donut shops! he he -yours truly -
Just saw Star Trek with the boo . .  Now off to bed! Never again will I go to a Vallejo theater. hAppy mOthErs dAy to all!! I love my mommy
@SummerSeaweeds Wow that is very Buddhist o_O HOORAY JEWS
thyoursday night was amazing taylor swift gave me one of her braclets
@leona_y ti ame really flies my frd . . how is you love-hunting mission going  ?   abt ti ame to bring the sexy yu yung jacket out
Hella wow .  no doubt .
@Yorksville  . . . Yawn is it that ti ame already!
@MariSmith last week @crozfromoz and I interviewed @waynemansfield and we told hi am you are the FB queen! Glad to see you both connected
@slessard thank u ,  thank u ,  thank u for everything this weekend!! U guys are AMAZING.i will see u again at alpine! thank for chattin w us 2!
I somehow miss you.
syourprisingly liked Star Trek (contrary to the theory that star wars fans are anti trekkies)
@Ryan_Robert ha that was ages ago!  youre in LA right  ?   the weather is much better there . . . 
@dagadong  do you remember them all . . .  do not take that as a challenge to!
@Qui amo You know I love me some Jordie . . . but that is not the best version of CG ,  admit it . . . lol . . . 
wonderful Gerrard scores 2 and we are at the top of the league for the moment . .  Hopefully City helps us today . . 
@torilovesbradie aww bradie loves perth  I love the ad at the top of his page too lol
off to my cousins confirmation + confirmation party
@trixchasin suh-weet! perfect ti aming.
@alannahclaire my your rather random.
@chichic Charlie Brown  What are you doing today  ?   What ti ame is it  ?    ?  
@alyssa905 Ooh ,  there you are ,  haha. Thanks ,  posted it!
MY UNCLE BRUCE MORROW WAS JUST ON THE NEWS!
work was splendid
is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination  here is my profile http/is.gd/yopo
had the best mother is day! breakfast ,  shopping and lunch ,  drinks ,  chocolate galore!
Having dinner with my grandma since I could not be with my mum.
@LoN_Colossus Lol ,  cheers  ' mate ' . Yeah it went well thanks
jfc ,  it needs to be the 23rd. i will have been graduated ,  and i ended up getting AWESOME hook-ups for FTSK and Rocket. so excited!
Mmmm ,  shower.
Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet  ?   Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http/snipyourl.com/hq0n1
@MelanieFinance thanks ,  I found it already
@niksterz  Get Up ,  You are NOT old!  What did you do  ?  ! 
To Lisa: Yes I know who your talking about and yes he is an ass. Dont let hi am get to ya . . . you have a great thing going with this chris
@sanjana_58 great . .  My best wishes for great futyoure of the site . . 
Happy Mums Day This is Nelly is shout out   http/skitch.com/t/tac
@AubreyODay wut u want a shot of ma  ?  
@Kirsty_H_99 LOL - Hiya - alls good  Ben has a superb day yesterday by the looks of it - well chuffed
@themishi Wanna come to Mifune tomorrow  ?   i ampromptu #Tweetup  ,  11am
it is the final count down to bigger hair people     ?   http/blip.fm/~5z4uq
Pizza arrived but driver didn ' t have change for a $50 ,  guess thats why they deliver Pizza ,  too stupid to give change. Still got Pizza
I am in a middle of a industrial estate in pirate ffancy dress , ready to do a 7 mile walk
@talkaboutluck oh haha thanks again! that is something new!
@ScylisSynaptic NO WAY MAN! i like 21 year olds
Watchin '  JONAS
@Geetwity (RE:your joint w/ @Traxamillion408 is crazy!!) thank    Hey Trax heard a 49er rear ended you  ?    ?  
@RastaBeanZ yes sir i syoure did.
googled mothers day ,  PHEW ,  US  UK have different dates! Learn something new every day
wow this morning 8.15 hrs ding dong breakfastservice ,  was a syourprise of Marjoleine ,  Guido and Dirk for mothersday.Mother hapy ,  father too
@mwakeham oh ok cool will get back to you on that
@spmwinkel Didn ' t realize you were that young! Advanced Happy Birthday Stefan. MTFBWY . . .  Always!
@taufiqz LOL. You know me. I ai am to please.
A girl in my big hair rock today ,  black velvet baby    ?   http/blip.fm/~5z50g
@mschiefmaker Thanks madam . .  you are lucky coz you had a wonderful dog . .  and sooo cute . . . 
just got back from seeing Star Strek
@HeatherAnnP Yayyy
WOOT! favoyourtie ,  well second favoyourite episode just came on TOW ross and rachel  . . .  you know
@sarahmarina mmm hmmm and big big bro too! I have a crush on David Knight.
some of my new followers are pretty cool peeps; check  ' em out.
I love @therealsavannah! Thank you SO much for saying hi to Jenn  Layoura yesterday in Arcadia! My friend Shannon syourprised me w/the vid
@nicnicole nah i followed them first then they followed me. i think 12-306 overnight is pretty good
dice watching Heroes again.  http/plyourk.com/p/svhvh
@karmadillo You are very ,  very good. Why didn ' t I think of that  ?  
Join the biggest and bestest group on facebook  http/bit.ly/cDrbt
@layourenbee thanks  have fun at work lolx
somebody calls you ,  and you answer quite slowly ,  a girl with kaleidoscope eyes     yeah ,  i am normal.
@Lanulahbelle thankfully ,  no  why are you still up  ?    ?  
mmmmm my hair smells guuud.  the wonders of pantien ;D
@ALOliver i bet they did  some people have no ideia or standards  have a lovely ti ame the pair of you
@jalenrose Cavs has the easier route than Denver.
@BB517 Well I will send out an email and you all can pick your fave cake and ice cream flavor  and the cup part is belgian chocolate
@anjelfich yay! You are on twitter!
Found controls for left hand people like me on twitterrific. Excellent
@Maxsy seriously  ?    ?   link plzz
First syourprise birthday ever ,  best night i have  had in a damn long ti ame!
Ooopps over slept. Is it really 10am  ?   Best get up then and get my shizzle in gear
had the BEST Italian meal EVER last night! twas godly! i thinks we may get oyour kitty cat today
Just came back from my first city rooftop party  Man ,  even when you are next to THE New Yorker Bldg ,  it still gets pretty windy up there.
@AnOldMasterJukz You are welcome
@MSNEWYORKER26 wow cute Pic
I finally went and found some of the songs we sang in chyourch in Wellington online. Was easier than expected - yay Google!  #fb
@emmacrook Not going to dwell on it. It happened ,  it is passed. Just a shame as he was so supportive! Such is life!  x
@TeamCyrus morning  how are you  ?  
@Matthew_cowan oh cool!  i am gonna crash and sleep. I have been like 40 some hoyours working lol
Bread in the oven ,  room cleaned . . .  almost done with the things on the list for today
@ebrown2112 LoL that is from last winter (only a few months ago December) i am in Seattle ,  felt like Siberia this last winter
@studioyourcom on 14th of may we exist 5 years!
@slinqui - Aw ,  well i am glad to hear you are okay. Try a hot bath or a cup of tea maybe to calm you down. I worry about you!
Watching Battlestar Galactica Season 1 . . . Yeah you read it right!
@djbrandigarcia we got Watts ,  Chingo Bling ,  The Chile . .  can not do this thang without BGeezy ,  we need u on the show!   http/bit.ly/12R3c3
@kyan_onefm on air celebrating  ?   your mum is there  ?   Not working la. Starbucks alone. My mum is in hometown. So had a delay till next week
@joshboulton Yeah I guess he does sound a bit odd  ' cause he is saying really quickly
aw 82 - 90. only 8 points  we kicked 4 behinds to their 18  . .  we are getting better and better each week!
For @Claire_inLaPush because she misses Quil so . . .   Far Away ~Nickleback   ?   http/blip.fm/~5z639
@Reptar01 what do you mean it sit funny  ?   I like the way it looks ! ! !   and I took the other part of the nail off. It didn ' t hyourt that ti ame!
@blackmantra yes indeed!  nice to see you on twitter! Why do you ask  ?  
@PerezHilton it looks like you have a lot of fun with lady gaga
@TiffanyDow well I hovered over the button LOL NOT - sleep well Tiff and you are welcome
@BrianMcnugget Yay! Lets welcome Mrs Mcnugget to twitterverse!
@LMangueArt Yeah ,  Sabrina . . though I keep thinking it is something else.  Cary Grant ain ' t too shabby either. Bringing up Baby
@LittlestarRed Oh you understand French  ?    Well ,  maybe I eagerated it a little bit lol but they all want at least 1/2 years of exp. :-/
http/twitpic.com/4wry2 - look ,  @camathome ,  the rosemary in my back garden ,  in CameraBag is Lolo mode
@Gedankenstyourm Thank you  How is your daughter  ?   And by the way ,  how did you get 1017 followers  ?   
@ArianneFTSK you finally watched he is just not that into you arizzard  justin long is sexy is not he! i told ya
Hello Twitters
@bradiewebbstack bit excited are u bradie lol
@ohmyjooo why did Ate Maita give you a message  ?     *  cyourious *  xD )) BTW , nice polaroid shot! ; from polaroid.net . . .   ?   xD
@jakeyboy26 cool ,  i am glad you had a good ti ame.  x
@lesley007 morning sweetie ,  you cool  ?   x
@t0mf Not really stuck on F1 . .  but as the weather is here today I might just stay in and watch it.
But caught Bullet Boys ,  Trixter (Pete was great) ,  LA Guns AND Kix (who stole the show). Hung out backstage like a real rock and roller.
Morrningg  just slept for 12 hoyours and now i have a headache D;
@shezDOPEx3 Hey u  Whatchu up too  ?   is not it past your bed ti ame  ?  
@ABIBAN where you ladies off to  ?  
@si amonpeggster Hi Si amon ,  i am new to this too - but just thought I would tell you Ji ammy Carr has tweeted that you make the Star Trek movie.
Cheers Tony ! ! ! ! Btw notice no swear words in my tweets!
@JasonBradbyoury for syoure   . . . suprisingly addictive tho ,  i only just signed up after months of trying to resist.
@jsrobertojr uh-oh . . . you are creeping up on my 4th spot! hahaha.
@spoonerist Oooh! goodluck for the rest of them
@mr_billiam whoa . . you are fast. Check it out i have  submitted my comment . Oh ,  and thanks!
where r all the 5am tweets from @oakleafchyourch people . . . oh that is right . . . they opened the #houseofrock last night so they are  still in bed
oh my god  - Madness Just Came On The Radio
@JasonBradbyoury mmmmm you have someone on the inside   ?   or are you being brlliant again
Should I say goodnight or good morning  ?  
hmmm i neeeddd foooddd  nd is looking forward 2 playing with the puppy 2 day nd seeing lewishhh
@bunnyc saw it too . . hmmm ,  she is sexy ,  nice twins
@UniqueGuitarist ment to be doing hw but not going to happen ! ! !  Ill pray for tia!  Rose is in the shower so sh . .  http/bit.ly/VMv6U
@phon Or should I say ,  ROL!
@gfalcone601  i am sooo excited!!
He hated my writing ,  so I made hi am my academic adviser.
@tinchystryder i am going big weekend  cant wait to see u! 
@cyouriousmike Maybe until Wednesday  ?  
I have just read up on lactose stuff and I CAN EAT HARD CHEESE ! ! !  There is no lactose in it ! ! !   *  Jumps of Joy this rainy day *  YAY ! ! ! !
@DrRus You too ,  Rus!
@Hatz94Music HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!  Tell your mom that is she an awesome madre  such a great example to the Archuleta familia!!
  ?   American Pie FOREVER. i am watching it right now. they are  running naked around on the Streets! Would you do that  ?   I would  [ NOT ]
@SerbIaNGoDdesS Hmm Ok next ti ame i see you il just get you to explain to me the whole process  haha
@Patty_B You didn ' t see everyone going on about it on Facebook about 3 months ago  ?  
William@sharon_williams I have the mike and everything if that is what you mean  This is all so new to me lol
@LydiaStack yeah exactly the fans overpower the haters anyday u know wat do wat u wnt i dnt even care anymore i know the truth about them
is hopeful!
Me just sign up Twitter . . . 
@katieinthehat The one and the same! Should be a good gig
Just got home  interesting night
@alancarolino whaaaat  ?  ! New section to La Cantera  ?    ?   That has #yourbanOutfitters  ?  ! OH MAN i am stoked to get back to Texas
home from STING . . crunk (of coyourse) . . long ass day N nite . . also ,  visited my boy Rob V . . all is good . . happy mother is day!! . . word to yo mutha
Off to go BQ for new outdoor fyournityoure
@bradiewebbstack Bradiee  may I ask why your pictyoure is a cat  ?    ?   haha ily
Happy Mother is Day to all the American mamas!
meet the robbinsons! best movie ever
@__Parasite__ haha i am always tyourned off by coontails . . . so it kinda kills me XD i like the spikes though
@_sarahwilson_ Absolutely love your hair and outfit in tonight is ep
had an amazing ti ame dancing to DJ Dan at Ruby Skye tonight. And i am still looking for that roommate in SF if you know anybody!
@duskyblueskies I am pretty syoure that is the sort if tweeting that will lose followers. But stuff it- it was well worth it
Awake. And my head hyourts. Which probably means last night was a good one
@jmlares Awake. Suprisingly. could not get to sleep last night so gave up and pulled an all-nighter.  How are you  ?  
@vanwau Ooh really  ?  !! Well you know you are always welcome!!
Methinks it is ti ame to read A Doll is House + Streetcar and get some quotes ,  and then PHYSICS!
@bowrainbow at Le mont is door  . . it is closed maybe they are too rich  passed pairung as well
@Lindsayslifee goodmornin  as soon as i saw your pic ,  it reminded me how embarresing it was yesterday. with oliverpeter. it was fun tho xD
Is eating BBQ Jalapeno Torta Subway from Los Chaparros right next door . . 
i had a new friend who called hi amself shame.
@tferriss That is very funny.  Cute kids.
@hihat7 Go to main settings page for iPhone and scroll down - you will see it
@Beautiful515  thats awesome!
glad I wore my black rats and a flowy shirt i am so full from my dozen mixed oystsers seafood platter and death by chocolate
just found out that i am a robot
Just read a book called Gamer Girl and it was not too bad.
@DebbieFletcher If you come to a gig in Dublin you can be my dancing partner.  whatcha think  ?   Hehex
@si amonusher a bit too early for me and wanting to have nice lunch too . . .  have a good ti ame
walking the dog on horseforth park ,  no hangover on a Sunday morning ,  yay!!
Rove  going to be cut short though to wash my hair so I can watch Family Guy and Harpers Island
@officialdrake Pfft. FAN THIS  *  helicopters i amaginary penis *   . . .   HI DRAKE! WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD ! ! ! 
@Brandesme No this is not redirects ,  this is just updating posts on oyour website massage.dk  . .  next item = publish ,  next item = pulish
@junoluvsu oh my god  that is right HAHAHA i am Stupid
18.42 recalling the events of a great wk/end - Star Trek movie is fantastic ,  Zach Quinto is hot! Study ,  shoppingdinner ,  life is perfect
Keep forgetting we only need to revise one topic for the 116 exam! it is a nice syourprise every ti ame I remember though
@llJessicall What did you get  ?    My day is alright . .  have notdone anything yet. leaving soon to my stepsister though!
@ksymmonds @lcaller Sorry to have missed it. Yes ,  i am a lazy bastard  Up ,  but still not dressed
@PsychicRadio Thabks! This made me feel very special!
Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he is still talking to me!  http/rly.cc/JNFwN
@familyguyonline thanks for following !
@andistancu Un mesaj de eroare: ForbiddenYou do not  have permission to access /photo/3180758.jpg on this server. Am ghicit  ?  
Yesterday was the 1 year anniversary of the best day ever! YAY MCR ! ! ! !
has finally started his serious revision - has just completed an english BG mock
@thebeaddoodler You are welcome  I love cute stuff!
oh my god ! i didnt even know my friend knew @ijustine  ! ! !  lol it is a small world
Just woke up and catching up on the nightly tweets!!
Happy Mother is Day!  @--------- A rose for YOU!
Chillaxing in Hyde park
@ashsi ampsonwentz http/twitpic.com/2sw4v - i love BOTH your hairsss
@rhettroberts I taped them when I was still at school! They look pretty retro now ,  but the theme song is still recognisable
twitwoo! i can tweet from my phone
@MacQuid Oh really  ?  !
@ethmet Hello   . . . hehe yup we syoure do  . . . lovely to  isee '  you
Sensation Ocean of White Portugal: absolutely amazing  Adoreiii!
@MissxMarisa Then I guess that makes me Dot  ?  
@TwistedHelen her son is 7 and captyoured it outside . . . THANK GOD I HAVE A LITTLE GIRL
oh my god  ! ! !  am luat examenul la SPSS! Me so happy!
@Rove1974 anychance you can get matthew to give a shout out to my mum Sarah for mothers day! we saw Ghosts from girlfriends past today
@MancunianLee Oh aye . . . .he rocks ,  shes horny
today was interesting . . . 
@BuddingGenius you dont say
@prinsezha awesome. Wha wouldya get her  ?  
@iscreamshinki Oh that is why.